reports loss , cutting work force
reports loss , cutting work force
predicted a second-quarter loss but said earnings would improve in the second half of the fiscal year
are taking steps to revitalise CompuServe
said it would cut 150 jobs , or 4 percent of its work force , as part of a cost-cutting programme expected to save $ 30 million on an annualized basis
would cut 150 jobs , or 4 percent of its work force , as part of a cost-cutting programme expected to save $ 30 million on an annualized basis
said that as part of the cost cuts it would sell its Spry Inc. unit , whose Web browser trails far behind similar products made by Netscape Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
cuts it would sell its Spry Inc. unit , whose Web browser trails far behind similar products made by Netscape Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
would sell its Spry Inc. unit , whose Web browser trails far behind similar products made by Netscape Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
trails far behind similar products made by Netscape Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
made by Netscape Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp.
included a pretax charge of $ 17.7 million , or 13 cents per share
expected to post a loss for the quarter
had 3.3 million members worldwide
blamed the loss on investments in its family-oriented WOW
said it expected losses to continue into the second fiscal quarter , hitting 10 cents to 15 cents a share , due to the costs of rolling out the latest version of the software needed to access the service , Compuserve 3.0 , and the release of a feature that makes WOW
expected losses to continue into the second fiscal quarter , hitting 10 cents to 15 cents a share , due to the costs of rolling out the latest version of the software needed to access the service , Compuserve 3.0 , and the release of a feature that makes WOW
needed to access the service , Compuserve 3.0 , and the release of a feature that makes WOW
does to their parents
expect the third and fourth quarters to improve with subscribers topping the 7-million mark , including our Japanese licensee service , NiftyServe
topping the 7-million mark , including our Japanese licensee service , NiftyServe
said in a statement
expected increased revenue from advertising and fees for electronic commerce
is a former subsidiary of tax preparer H&R Block Inc. , which spun off the company and is selling its 80 percent stake in CompuServe
announced its financial results after markets closed
