is banking on Malaysia 's Petronas acquisition of a 30 percent stake in a project to develop two oil and gas fields in Iran to deflect intense U.S. efforts to isolate the Islamic republic
shows that unilateral moves can not isolate the Iranian oil industry
indicates that the U.S. position is not shared by foreign oil companies
predicted the deal `` will have a positive impact '' on other foreign companies seeking business in Iran 's lucrative oil and gas industries
seeking business in Iran 's lucrative oil and gas industries
is whether other companies will follow suit in the face of tough new U.S. moves to penalise non-American firms that invest in energy projects in Iran and Libya
will follow suit in the face of tough new U.S. moves to penalise non-American firms that invest in energy projects in Iran and Libya
is trying everything possible to break the sanctions and the isolation
is a risky market
said Malaysia 's state-owned energy company Petronas had taken a 30 percent stake in the Sirri A and E fields through its Carigali subsidiary in a deal approved by the Iranian authorities
had taken a 30 percent stake in the Sirri A and E fields through its Carigali subsidiary in a deal approved by the Iranian authorities
signed a bill which would penalise foreign firms which invest $ 40 million or more annually in Iran 's or Libya 's energy sectors
said Petronas sealed the deal before the new U.S. sanctions were made law
sealed the deal before the new U.S. sanctions were made law
were made law
is outright defiance
will be seen by Washington as open defiance of Clinton 's bill
underlined the rift between the United States and its European allies who were outraged at the U.S. sanctions
do n't have a problem with that
denies the charges
had to dissolve an earlier deal with Iran for the development of the two Sirri fields after pressure from the White House
said the new sanctions were doomed to fail because they lacked support from European states which have refused to adopt the U.S. hardline stand on Tehran
were doomed to fail because they lacked support from European states which have refused to adopt the U.S. hardline stand on Tehran
lacked support from European states which have refused to adopt the U.S. hardline stand on Tehran
signed a contract on July 13 , 1995 with the National Iranian Oil Company covering all phases of the development of the two fields , including studies , delineation , development and production start-up
Iran said the new sanctions were doomed to fail
