declared that over 90 percent of members had accepted a settlement offer aimed at securing the 300-year-old insurance market 's future
said it had been swamped by U.S. investors signing up for its recovery plan after a U.S. appeals court overturned a ruling that had threatened the insurance market 's survival
had been swamped by U.S. investors signing up for its recovery plan after a U.S. appeals court overturned a ruling that had threatened the insurance market 's survival
signing up for its recovery plan after a U.S. appeals court overturned a ruling that had threatened the insurance market 's survival
have made their views toward the reconstruction of Lloyd 's abundantly clear
said in a statement
said acceptances from U.S. Names
followed a Baltimore appeal court 's decision late on Tuesday to overturn U.S. judge Robert Payne 's ruling last Friday to allow U.S. Names more time to consider the plan
granted an injunction giving U.S. Names more time to consider the plan and ordered Lloyd 's to provide further information by September 23
said he acknowledged many overseas members had deferred their acceptance in the light of the Virginia court judgement and the subsequent Baltimore ruling
acknowledged many overseas members had deferred their acceptance in the light of the Virginia court judgement and the subsequent Baltimore ruling
had deferred their acceptance in the light of the Virginia court judgement and the subsequent Baltimore ruling
proposes Names pay to help reinsure billions of pounds in liabilities into a new company
was extended to give all a chance to respond
said on Wednesday afternoon that in the circumstances it was `` fair and proper '' to exercise flexibility in pushing back the deadline for acceptances
was `` fair and proper '' to exercise flexibility in pushing back the deadline for acceptances
said that any formal , longer-term extension would be subject to a decision by its council at a Thursday meeting at which it would consider `` the prospect of declaring the settlement offer acceptances unconditional
would consider `` the prospect of declaring the settlement offer acceptances unconditional
were for the first time in their lives suddenly faced with the prospect of unlimited losses
is due to submit figures to Britain 's Department of Trade and Industry next week in an annual solvency test , and file with the U.S. Treasury and New York Insurance Department later next month
could in theory attempt to challenge Tuesday 's order
expected U.S. Names to appeal the Baltimore ruling
