questioned in recovery suit in U.S.
questioned in recovery suit in U.S.
was questioned for four hours in a federal courtroom by lawyers for American investors in Lloyd 's and by U.S. District Judge Robert Payne about Lloyd 's complex restructuring plan to settle large losses
were anxiously awaiting the outcome of the case , in which 100 U.S. investors have applied for an injunction to block the recovery plan
have applied for an injunction to block the recovery plan
was to reinsure billions of dollars in liabilities , including pollution and asbestosis-related claims in the United States , in a new company called Equitas
contends that Lloyd 's has breached U.S. disclosure laws
has breached U.S. disclosure laws
did on Monday
questioned Sandler for about an hour , asking about Lloyd 's plans to pay its liabilities and what would happen if its investments made more money than was needed to pay off those liabilities
believe that some time over 30 years the liability will be extinguished
said , adding that any money left over would go to charities
told Sandler firmly that the company needed to have a plan for the disposition of leftover assets and that he would need to be told who the benefactors would be
needed to have a plan for the disposition of leftover assets
asked whether Lloyd 's was able to pay the total premium if U.S. investors did not back the recovery plan
was able to pay the total premium if U.S. investors did not back the recovery plan
did not back the recovery plan
criticised the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for refusing to determine whether Lloyd 's should be subject to U.S. securities laws
should be subject to U.S. securities laws
was complicated on Friday by the SEC 's neutral position on this issue
said the SEC would have a second opportunity to respond to his request for a ruling
received a boost from another court case in New York , which dismissed action brought against the market by four Names
had claimed that Lloyd 's knew long ago the extent of liabilities faced by Names
knew long ago the extent of liabilities faced by Names
are pleased by this decision
are pleased that U.S. courts continue to recognise this
