undergoes U.S. grilling
undergoes U.S. grilling
faced a three-hour grilling in a crucial United States court case , which threatens at the last minute to upset a recovery plan for the 300-year-old insurance market
are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the case in Virginia , where U.S. investors -LRB- Names -RRB- have applied for an injunction to stop the recovery plan in its tracks
has contravened U.S. disclosure laws
is fighting the action personally and underwent several hours of cross-examination on Monday , said Lloyd 's
said the recovery plan was essential to the future of Lloyd 's
is to reinsure billions of pounds in liabilities , including pollution and asbestosis claims in the U.S. , into a new company Equitas
has for several years faced a giant raft of litigation in the U.S.
has caused it a serious headache
criticised the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for refusing to determine whether Lloyd 's should be subject to U.S. securities laws
should be subject to U.S. securities laws
was complicated on Friday by the SEC 's neutral position on this issue
said the SEC would have a second opportunity to respond to his request for a ruling
received a boost from a separate court case in New York , which dismissed action brought against the market by four Names
had claimed that Lloyd 's knew long ago the extent of liabilities faced by Names
knew long ago the extent of liabilities faced by Names
are pleased by this decision
are pleased that U.S. courts continue to recognise this
improved its proposals , which include a 3.2 billion pounds -LRB- $ 4.95 billion -RRB- offer to Names designed to offset the cost of Equitas
foundered last week , when the High Court threw out a case for judicial review of the plan
says were made to the hardest-hit Names
ended weeks of silence with the charge Lloyd 's has `` reneged '' on income and housing pledges
meant Lloyd 's could end the scheme any time , which amounted to no formal commitment
could end the scheme any time , which amounted to no formal commitment
claimed fewer than 20 percent of Names have so far accepted the recovery plan
rejected both statements
