formed a new company with other investors to develop software to help bring the Internet to consumers using telephones , video games and pagers
using telephones , video games and pagers
said the new business aims to address a market with as many as 500 million of the new devices over the next five years
said it will have a major stake in the new company , Navio Communications Inc. , which a spokeswoman said already has 50 employees and is `` growing rapidly
will have a major stake in the new company , Navio Communications Inc. , which a spokeswoman said already has 50 employees and is `` growing rapidly
declined to elaborate on the other seven investors or on the size of individual investments
said Navio was working with leading consumer electronics and technology companies , including International Business Machines Corp. , Sony Corp. , Sega Enterprises Ltd. , Nintendo Co. Ltd. , NEC Corp. , and Oracle Corp.
was working with leading consumer electronics and technology companies , including International Business Machines Corp. , Sony Corp. , Sega Enterprises Ltd. , Nintendo Co. Ltd. , NEC Corp. , and Oracle Corp.
planned a news conference in San Francisco at 10:30 a.m. PDT -LRB- 1:30 p.m. EDT -RRB- to discuss the new company
said Dr. Wei Yen will be president , chief executive officer and a board director of Navio
was previously senior vice president of products and technologies at Silicon Graphics Inc.
said Navio would first work to enhance existing Internet content by making it readily viewable on a host of devices other than personal computers , such as phones , televisions and pagers
would first work to enhance existing Internet content by making it readily viewable on a host of devices other than personal computers , such as phones , televisions and pagers
viewable on a host of devices other than personal computers , such as phones , televisions and pagers
is already transforming the way people work
will transform the way people live
said of the formation of Navio
dominates the market for personal computer software
has about 80 percent of the market for Internet browser software
has asked the Justice Department to investigate allegations that Microsoft has been improperly using inducements to promote its own browser software
has been improperly using inducements to promote its own browser software
has denied any wrongdoing and has countered with its own complaints that Netscape has not kept its technology open
has not kept its technology open
is working to make Netscape Navigator into smaller , modular software that can be easily integrated into the less powerful hardware of non-PC devices
can bring the Netscape Navigator platform to potentially more than 500 million devices applicable to consumers and businesses
