Traders said the fact that stocks bottomed out at the second resistance level of 3,332 points and rebounded was a good sign that stocks are consolidating in preparation to rise again.
In what may go down on record as the shortest market correction ever, the Dow Jones industrial average this week came within a skip and a jump of its all-time high after plunging in late May and July.
At the end of bourse trade the DAX index was down 2.10 points at 2,555.16 points but up 6.8 from last week.
Oil is in demand, other commodities see dull trade.
World commodity prices mostly ended a dull week little changed on Friday but with crude oil close to its highest level for four months on signs of firm demand.
At the end of bourse trade the DAX index was down 2.10 points at 2,555.16 points but up 6.8 from last week.
Scott was 1 down on the 16th hole, but rallied to beat 1995 finalist Buddy Marucci, 1 up.
The 22-year-old Kucera, scoring the biggest victory of his seven-year career on the ATP tour, produced an aggressive
service and consistent ground strokes while Chang was uncharacteristically erratic.
On Monday, the General Index rose 0.53 percent to 1,424.27 points, while the blue-chip Selective Index fell 0.24 percent to 1,917.59.
Existing-home sales peaked in May at a record rate of 4.28 million a year before starting to lose momentum in June and July.
The carrier posted pre-tax profit of 119 million marks for the first six months of 1996, sharply below the year-ago period's 189 million although slightly better than an estimate in July that profits would drop to 100 million marks.
Stocks in London started the week badly after a three-day weekend, slipping 0.3 percent, but bargain-hunters later moved in and the FTSE index recovered most of the lost ground to end only just in negative ground.
Mountain View, Calif.-based Netscape's stock was off 75 cents at $37.75, while Apple rose 12.5 cents to $24.25, both in early trading on Nasdaq.
The dollar closed mixed against major currencies amid growing belief that interest rates in Europe and Japan will soon rise, dealers said.
In other markets, grains also rose on crop worries but coffee and crude oil prices fell.
Swiss pharmaceuticals group Roche Holding AG said Tuesday its first-half net profit rose a healthy 16 percent and forecast higher profits for the full year, but analysts and markets were slightly disappointed with its operating performance.
GERMANY - German Bunds, still taking cues from the U.S. market, posted gains near the end of Tuesday's session but were off the day's highs, receding after the U.S. market retreated after key economic data.
World coffee prices have been trading close around their highest for a year but Tuesday saw signs that the rally could be losing momentum.
The figures were better than financial markets had expected, although some economists predicted that the healthier tone could prove short-lived, with rising consumer demand likely to boost imports in the coming months
The Treasury said the figures demonstrated the strength of export growth but some economists found them puzzling.
A weak survey of Japanese business sentiment boosted the dollar on Wednesday and European bourses were mixed, with London and Frankfurt up, helped by a firm Wall Street, but Paris down on currency and strike worries.
At 1100 GMT the dollar was trading at around 108.38 yen, up from its European close on Tuesday of 107.55 after the Bank of Japan's quarterly corporate survey, or "tankan", showed the diffusion index for major manufacturers -- an important gauge of business sentiment -- falling to minus seven in August from minus three in the previous survey in May.
CompuServe predicted a second-quarter loss but said earnings would improve in the second half of the fiscal year
Hog prices fell Tuesday after government slaughter figures showed supplies were increasing, while cocoa futures rose on anticipation of smaller crops overseas.
The higher minimum wage signed into law Tuesday will be welcome relief for millions of workers, but it may also translate into higher prices for hamburgers, pizzas and other fast-food items, some restaurant chains said.
The Federal Reserve held interest rates steady Tuesday amid signs the economy was slowing from its burst of growth in the second quarter without inflation heating up.
The Federal Reserve held interest rates steady Tuesday amid signs the economy was slowing from its burst of growth in the second quarter without inflation heating up.
Kansas and Arizona filed lawsuits Tuesday against major tobacco companies to recover Medicaid costs for smoking-related illnesses, joining a growing list of states and cities taking on Big Tobacco in court.
"It's no surprise that the Federal Reserve felt justified sitting on its hands, since there have been so many mixed signals in the economy," said Bill Cheney, chief economist at Boston-based John Hancock Financial Services
Britain's FTSE 100 stock index, which sank to its lowest level of the year a month ago, chalked up a record closing high Tuesday, led by retail stocks.
German shares were rangebound in bourse trade on Tuesday, with the highlight of the day a shifting of interest from the chemical sector into utility stocks.
British mobile telephone group Orange Plc said Tuesday its pre-tax losses expanded by 40 percent to 125.2 million pounds ($193.6 million) in the first half of the year, although its subscriber base and revenues both grew
Orange, whose shares have fallen well below the level at which they were offered to the public in March, said the loss was expected and pointed to steady gains in its subscribers and revenue as proof of the underlying health of the business.
The nation's second-largest retailer subleased the space of the auto centres to Penske, which is owned by the transporation magnate Roger Penske.
BSkyB shares shed seven pence to 530p in early trading, having climbed to record highs in recent days.
Annual turnover climbed to more than one billion pounds as the number of subscribers in Britain and Ireland rose to 5.5 million for BSkyB, in which Rupert Murdoch's News Corp has a 40 percent stake.
Gainers outweighed decliners by a margin of two to one but volume was a subdued 512.9 million shares as all eyes remained fixed on the outcome of the interest rate setting U.S. Federal Open Markets Committee, which was meeting as the London market closed.
Overall, 201 shares gained ground on the day, while 134 fell and 65 held steady.
The Polish unit of Fiat led the market with 98,545 units sold, but its market share shrank to 43 percent this year from 51 percent in 1995.
Polish shares rose for the fourth day running in higher turnover on Tuesday but analysts were uncertain whether slightly better July company earnings would help sustain the rally.
They said the day's session offered mixed signals as stronger selling after price fixing indicated a fall but higher turnover showed new investors joined the fray.
"A fall seems more likely tomorrow but a rise is also possible because high turnover after price fixing showed there are new players," said Pawel Tarnowski, an analyst at Raiffeisen Capital &amp; Investment.
Australia's new conservative government released its first budget on Tuesday, slashing spending to attack a chronic deficit, but honouring key election promises to support families and small business.
Asia markets predominantly up but moves muted.
Asian stock markets were predominantly higher on Tuesday, but moves were muted and turnover poor as investors awaited fresh factors.
South Korea is encouraging a depreciation of its currency to try to boost flagging exports, but the move could backfire and spark inflation, analysts said on Tuesday.
Economic data for Japan improved slightly in June, but economists said the nation's recovery does not look like it will be moving out of the slow lane anytime soon.
Of 41 B shares, 29 traded, with 13 up, six flat and 10 down.
It is good news but to what extent we can re-enter the market is another matter
Thai exporters on Tuesday welcomed Mexico's reported impending decision to lift a ban on Asian rice but said high Thai prices would delay their quick return to the Mexican market.
Power-hungry Turkey, facing energy shortages later this year, has pinned its hopes on natural gas from Iran and development of its first nuclear power plant to meet its long-term energy needs.
The company said it expected losses to continue into the second fiscal quarter due to the costs of new product introduction, but predicted improved earnings in the second half of fiscal 1997.
The suit was moving toward a close as Kansas was set to become the 11th state to sue the tobacco industry to recover Medicaid costs of smokers, a spokeswoman for the state attorney general said Monday.
Early indications point to a good-quality 1996 U.S. sunflowerseed crop, although total production may lag average levels because fewer acres were planted this spring, analysts said.
Redman's stock was unchanged at $25.75 on Nasdaq, while Champion edged down 12.5 cents to $21.50 on the New York Stock Exchange at mid-morning.
The Dow Industrials was unchanged at 5,699, while the NASDAQ Index rose one to 1,132 and the S&amp;P Index was off fractionally at 667
June exports eased a slight 0.3 percent to $69.71 billion while imports dropped 3.3 percent to $77.82 billion.
While Netscape has a commanding lead in the growing browser market, with a share estimated at over 80 percent, industry analysts say Microsoft's latest software poses a threat to that dominance.
Some professional health care associations have long provided seals of approval and product commendations, but the pressure for corporate tie-ins has mounted as traditional sources of money have diminished.
Firms listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange recorded slightly better July earnings after a weak first half, but analysts said it was too early to tell if there would be an earnings rebound this year.
But they said unspectacular May and June earnings hastened a downward correction that followed the main market's 90- percent rise this year to a 27-month high of 14,282.2 points on July 5.
Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) on Tuesday reported first half 1996 pre-tax profits slightly up on the same period last year, but said the full-year result could be slightly weaker than the record profits of 1995.
"While the bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) scare did affect sales in some business areas at the end of the first quarter, strong advances in branded product sales in the second quarter" helped boost profits margins, Kerry said in a statement.
The group said in a statement that its operating profit had "clearly improved" in the first half of 1996 and a sharp drop in its pre-tax profit was due purely to special income factors.
Sales in its chemicals, energy and logistics divisions advanced in the period while packaging sales dropped.
The market started out quite dull but picked up in the afternoon
Belgian shares ended Tuesday with modest gains but still lagged other markets.
Madrid stocks managed a slight gain at the close on Tuesday, but trade was thin as the market kept a wary eye on the outcome of the U.S. Federal Reserve's open market committee.
The all-share Mibtel index ended up 0.5 percent at 9,593 and the blue chip Mib30 index 0.56 percent higher at 14,329, after they lost 1.16 percent and 1.36 percent on Monday.
Shares dipped Monday after the hard-left Communists said Romano Prodi's centre-left government had only a 50 percent chance of surviving this autumn, but today better than expected inflation data gave support to stocks, dealers said.
The outlook was optimistic but cautious ahead of the outcome later on Tuesday of the United States Federal Reserve's (central bank) policy-setting meeting, they said.
The mining and metals unit reported virtually unchanged sales for the period at 4.28 billion crowns ($647.4 million), but operating profits dipped to 296 million crowns ($44 million) from 317 million ($47 million), a drop the company said was due to the weaker economy.
Unidanmark A/S, Denmark's second biggest banking group, posted better than expected first-half results Tuesday but said it foresaw slowing profits growth for the rest of the year
"A slightly lower rate of growth is anticipated in the Danish economy for 1996 compared with the previous year, although continuing an upward trend throughout the year," Unidanmark said in a statement.
A statement said that the result, above analysts' expectations, benefited from improved earnings on net interest, fees and lending but said it saw a slowdown in economic growth squeezing profits for the rest of the year.
Coffee prices rose again as traders were concerned about tight deliverable supplies, and lumber prices closed sharply lower after setting contract highs early in the day.
Turkish Prime Minister Necmettin Erbakan on Wednesday defended a $23-billion natural gas deal with Iran which has angered the United States.
Oklahoma on Thursday became the 14th state to sue the tobacco industry, seeking to recover more than $1 billion in state Medicaid funds spent to treat smoking-related illnesses.
Britain's economy appears poised on the threshold of a new era of steady non-inflationary growth but many economists fear it could instead slip back into the damaging "boom-bust" cycle that has plagued it for decades.
"Survey evidence suggests that the stocks overhang could depress output for a little while longer, but once it is unwound, the stage is set for a decent acceleration in growth in the second half of this year and into 1997."
