FOCUS - U.S. goods data weighs on European stocks.
The July surge in orders followed a revised 0.2 percent decrease in June orders
Rally in UK shares seen fading despite record.
Buba cut does nothing for dollar, outlook gloomy.
The dollar's failure to get above technical resistance pegged around 1.4950-60 marks in the wake of the Bundesbank's money market interest rate cut is disappointing and the general feeling is that it will remain lifeless, foreign exchange analysts said on Friday
"The dollar has failed to gain any meaningful momentum on the back of the Bundebank's larger than expected rate cut and is unlikely to do so in the near future," said Klaus Baader, senior currency economist at Deutsche Morgan Grenfell.
"In our view the short-term risks are now very much skewed to the downside for dollar/mark."
It's a squeezy market
Zimbabwean civil servants pressed on with a strike for higher pay on Friday in an unprecedented defiance of government threats to sack them if they persisted.
"The operation of the Summitville mine has caused serious damage to our environmentm" said Colorado Gov. Roy Romer.
In order to insure payment if Friedland is found responsbile the U.S. government obtained a temporary court order in Canada preventing him from taking possession of $152 million in Inco Ltd. stock he was to receive under Inco's takeover of Diamond Fields Resources Inc.
U.S., Colorado sue over Summitville gold mine.
Colorado Attorney General Gale Norton said Friday the state and the U.S. government have sued financier Robert Friedland, former president and major stockholder of Galactic Resources Ltd., to recover the cost of cleaning up Galactic's Summitville gold mine.
The suit, which had been under seal, was filed in May in U.S. District Court in Denver and alleged that Friedland was responsible for the major decisions associated with Summitville, a contention he has denied.
Mexican shares tumble on profit-taking.
Mexican stocks ran out of steam on Friday after a week of record highs gave way to profit-taking, although stock prices made up some ground toward the close of trade after falling through support levels.
The IPC index of leading stocks fell 24.96 points or 0.74 percent to 3,364.37.
The market was very weak
Some 93 American investors have asked the judge Robert Payne to block the $4.8 billion reorganization plan, under which Lloyd's would reinsure billions of dollars of liabilities in a new company called Equitas using investors' money.
Payne had been due to issue the ruling on Thursday, but delayed the decision until Friday
Floridians indicted for huge pyramid scheme fraud.
A federal grand jury indicted 36 people on fraud and conspiracy charges in connection with an alleged Ponzi scheme run by Premium Sales Corp., a Florida grocery company seized by federal authorities three years ago, officials said Friday.
"It makes me feel ill when I think of the greed some of these people had," said Jerry Bandy, chief of criminal investigations of the Internal Revenue Service.
The indictment, announced by the IRS, Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S. Justice Department, said the defendants coerced investors into financing billions of dollars worth of grocery "diversions" that did not exist
However, the Russian leader seemed unready for concessions on the rebel demand for full autonomy
Yeltsin had earlier seemed to snub his Chechnya envoy on his plea for an early meeting, raising questions over how much authority Lebed really possessed as he strove for an end to the 20-month-long war.
World oil prices fall sharply on profit-taking.
World oil prices took a hammering late on Friday largely on extended profit-taking in the London futures market ahead of a long holiday weekend, traders said.
London October futures for international benchmark Brent crude closed at $20.41 a barrel, down 31 cents on the day.
"It's extended profit-taking and weakness in the crude," a floor broker said.
London precious metals stagnant in summer lull.
Precious metals prices hovered near the top of recent ranges on Friday but summer lethargy should prevent them breaking higher in the near term, dealers said.
Despite support from a strong close on Wall Street overnight and a positive reaction to the Bundesbank's decision to cut the securities repurchase, or repo, rate on Thursday, shares could not find direction over the floor-trade session.
At the end of bourse trade the DAX index, which measures floor trade in 30 blue-chip shares, was down 2.10 points, or 0.08 percent, at 2,555.16 points.
Turkish officials hailed on Friday a move by Royal Dutch/Shell Group to build a gas terminal and power plant complex worth $2.4 billion in Turkey as a return of foreign confidence to the country hit by political and economic instability over the past year.
Drawing in foreign workers into the domestic wage system ... could no longer be delayed," IG Bau said.
Israel's government on Friday considered for the first time ways to cut a growing dependence on foreign workers who have taken jobs which are off-limits to Palestinians and unwanted by Jews.
"We will act to reduce drastically the presence of illegal foreign workers as well as cut the scope of foreign labourers who enter the country with a permit," a cabinet statement quoted Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as saying
"We will propose expelling about 1,000 illegal foreign labourers from Israel a month," Labour and Welfare Minister Eli Ishai told Israel Radio before Friday's debate.
"Inequalities and anomalies which have almost made Nigeria the laughing stock of the international petroleum industry have to be eliminated."
Nigeria is taking a tough line with foreign oil companies it says are cheating it out of its rightful share of wealth.
"The government and people of Nigeria are not getting their fair share out of the joint venture arrangements for petroleum exploration and production," he said.
But the fortunate few were left disappointed when controversial lead singer Liam Gallagher failed to appear on stage.
Birt's plans for closer integration of radio's World Service with domestic programme production have sparked fears that the quality and breadth of its news coverage will suffer.
Analysts said Brent so far this year has averaged $2 a barrel more than 1995's $16.94, defying expectations that a surge in supplies would outweigh extra demand.
The industrial metals on the London Metal Exchange had an uncertain week with the flagship copper contract trading in a narrow range between $1,900 and $1,970 per tonne.
Gaza journalists briefly boycott cabinet meeting.
Palestinian journalists in the Gaza Strip self-rule enclave on Saturday boycotted covering the day's meeting of the Palestinian Authority cabinet for several hours after a security man assaulted three journalists.
When one of the three complained, the security man cursed him
Another journalist joined the argument.
U.S. jury rules against smoker in tobacco lawsuit.
"To ask for a big increase now is out of the question," The Times quoted a government source as saying.
BBC call for more cash wins little sympathy.
A call from the BBC for Britons to pay more for its services received a frosty response on Saturday from politicans and media industry figures.
But the ruling Conservative party and opposition Labour are reluctant to endorse a rise in the run-up to a general election due by next May.
"Miscellaneous charges have led to complaints from overseas businesses and stemmed the inflow of overseas investments into the city," it said.
The Directorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics on Friday revised its forecast for the 1996 gross domestic product to 5.89 percent, well below an prediction of 6.17 percent issued three months ago.
China president warns against strong-arm tactics on Taiwan.
Chinese President Jiang Zemin has warned against using strong-arm tactics against Taiwan as they would destabilise Hong Kong's 1997 return to Chinese rule, a newspaper reported on Saturday.
Beijing had decided instead to continue the "economic united front" policy to put pressure on Taiwan, the South China Morning Post reported, quoting unidentified China sources.
Jiang was quoted by Chinese sources as saying that a new flare-up in the Taiwan Strait would be "prejudicial to Hong Kong's peacful transition to the motherland", it reported.
Relations between China and Taiwan took a tumble last week over Taiwan Vice-President Lien Chan's secret mission to Ukraine, which recognises Beijing.
Pressure was mounting on French car maker PSA Peugot Citroen Group's joint venture in the city, where car output had lagged far behind China's other main cities, it said.
Tenaga suffered estimated 23.26 million ringgit in losses from the blackout, a report from the company said.
Disorder in the industry, which has expanded as booming cities rush to rebuild, had allowed corruption into the market and caused a never-ending series of accidents, it quoted Minister of Construction Hou Jie as saying.
A Chinese truck maker in which Ford Motor Co has a 20 percent stake said it posted a 77 percent drop in post-tax profits in the first half of 1996
Jiangling Motors Corp, in a statement in Saturday's edition of the China Securities newspaper, said net profit in the period was 3.385 million yuan, down from 14.956 million in the same 1995 period.
Turnover fell to 937.891 million yuan from 1.215 billion, while net assets per share were 1.88 yuan, unchanged, and earnings per share fell to 0.005 yuan from 0.02 yuan, the statement said.
It blamed the drop in profits on a weak vehicle market and said as its engine plant had only just started trial production, the company's results would not improve in the short-term.
Ford China JV posts 77 percent net drop in H1 96.
Morocco forbids Michael Jackson show in Casablanca.
American pop star Michael Jackson's September 27 concert has been cancelled after authorities refused to give permission for it, the private Moroccan television channel 2M said on Saturday.
"Moroccan authorities did not give the green light for Michael Jackson's show but gave no explanation either," the Casablanca-based station said in its evening news bulletin.
"Fears of gathering more than 100,000 young people could be one of the motives explaining the authorities' decison," a concert organiser who had earlier conferred with Moroccan officials told the television, hinting at possible street protests against the glitzy Western-style show.
Downey, in a telephone interview from his Sherman Oaks, Calif. home, said he had never agreed to take such action.
Downey said he called Kramer and refused to participate.
A row over the funds erupted last month when Kurt Biedenkopf, state premier of the east German state of Saxony, paid out 142 million marks to Volkswagen, of which Brussels says 91 million marks were unauthorised.
India Sanghi Poly 95/96 net falls 67 pct.
Note: Sanghi Polyesters, a south-India based polyester filament yarn manufacturer, said higher input costs and lower sales realisations hit working. -- Bombay newsroom +91-22-265 9000
The ankle injury makes his availability for his U.S. Open first rounder against defender Pete Sampras in doubt.
"I don't know how I'll feel," he said while having trainers work on his ankle after the match.
A small homemade bomb exploded near the first tee at Firestone Country Club on Saturday during the NEC World Series of Golf, slightly injuring three people, who were treated at the scene.
GOLF-SMALL BOMB INJURES THREE AT OHIO TOURNAMENT.
World championship leader Tommi Makinen in his Mitsubishi was third but current world champion Colin McRae ended a bad week by crashing out.
He and co-driver Derek Ringer were unhurt but team boss David Richards was furious with them.
Jacques Villeneuve provided compelling evidence on Saturday that he will not allow his Williams team mate Damon Hill an easy run-in to the world drivers' championship when he claimed pole position for the Belgian Grand Prix.
It was Villeneuve's second pole position in his first season in Formula One and came after many experts had predicted he would struggle to learn the long Spa-Francorchamps track quickly enough to be competitive.
The wet weather made the track slower and more treacherous and left Hill, who leads the title race by 17 points with four races remaining, frustrated for the final 20 minutes.
"It"s just one of those days but I hate to have it like this just before the U.S. Open," said Chang, who will be seeded second at the Open
Martin Damm (Czech Republic) beat Michael Joyce (U.S.)
Play initially was interrupted for more than 3-1/2 hours before resuming for two hours.
But play was finally suspended for the day when the storm continued.
GOLF-THUNDERSTORMS FORCE SUSPENSION OF SECOND ROUND IN AKRON.
suspension
Thunderstorms forced the suspension of the World Series of Golf after just five players in the 43-man field had completed the second round on Friday.
Kevin Keegan, who has spent a fortune building a team capable of bringing a much-yearned-for English premier league title to Newcastle, was left despairing on Saturday as his multi-million pound side lost again.
"That's probably the worst performance in my reign as manager," he said after watching Newcastle crash 2-1 at home to Sheffield Wednesday.
Our performances so far this season have been poor and we will have to start soon if we want to win anything.
SOCCER-KEEGAN DESPAIRS AS MONEY FAILS TO BUY RESULTS.
CRICKET-ENGLAND SERIES HOPES SUBMERGED BY RAIN.
Rain left England up the creek without a paddle on Saturday when less than three hours were possible between the showers on the third day of the final test against Pakistan at the Oval.
The heavy showers submerged any faint chance England had of fighting their way back into an improbable winning position, but at least saved the home bowlers from possible further embarrassment.
When Pakistan resumed after lunch on 318 for two, with Saaed Anwar unbeaten on 169, the omens looked distinctly unpromising for an England attack operating on a flat strip.
SOCCER-OUT-OF-SORTS NEWCASTLE CRASH 2-1 AT HOME.
CRICKET-DOWNPOUR HALTS FLOW OF PAKISTAN RUNS.
A spectacular downpour halted play after seven overs and five balls of the afternoon session on the third day with Pakistan, 1-0 up in the three-match series, 12 runs ahead on 338 for four
Anwar went past his previous test best of 169 against New Zealand in Wellington in 1993-94 but fell short of becoming the sixth Pakistan batsman to score a double hundred against England.
Each side scored three tries and the Springboks outscored the All Blacks 15-12 in the second half but still suffered a fourth successive defeat against their old enemies.
RUGBY UNION-TARANAKI UPSET AUCKLAND TO STEAL RANFURLY SHIELD.
The Kevin Costner golfing comedy dipped just 13 percent from last weekend and has a 10-day gross of $23.9 million.
Lloyd's will appeal in court in Baltimore, Maryland, on Tuesday against the injunction served by U.S. district judge Robert Payne in Virginia late on Friday.
The 300-year-old insurance market is embroiled in a critical legal battle in the United States where 93 investors last week extracted an injunction ordering Lloyd's to give all U.S. investors more information and more time to vote on the plan.
The Commission is disputing the legality of 91 million marks ($61.09 million) of a 142-million-mark subsidy package paid to Volkswagen to support its investment in two plants in the east German state of Saxony
The agreement, announced by Bass on Sunday, gives Bass a 35 percent share of the British beer market, but faces regulatory hurdles including a possible referral to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (MMC).
It also said its appeal against an injunction served against it in a crucial U.S. court case would be heard on Tuesday in Baltimore, Maryland.
The brewer said it had taken a good look at Carlsberg-Tetley and saw brand conflicts which would have diminshed the value of the deal for it.
"There were individual instances of horrendous behaviour from some press and television," said Greenhill, who acted as a spokeswoman for the community in the aftermath of the killings.
Local people were at first anxious to help the hordes of reporters but their mood gradually changed and they made clear they wanted to be left to grieve alone.
"You say that you were restrained, well I would hate to see it when you unleash your full action," Pat Greenhill told a forum of broadcast industry leaders at the Edinburgh International Television Festival
Around 400 police were wounded in riots in 1976 when the carnival acquired a reputation for trouble from which has slowly recovered.
A-D acquired the stake in Carlsberg in 1993 but it has been underperforming.
"It shows they're mad as hell at the companies and they want this thing resolved," said CAW president Buzz Hargrove.
Total volume was 35 million soles ($14 million) in 1,033 operations, although two-thirds of volume was accounted for by a cross of 500,000 shares of Credicorp Holding, which fell 0.26 percent by the close to 19.20 soles.
Benchmark Telefonica lost 0.54 percent to 5.55 soles on 479,891 shares.
The dollar ended European trading sharply down against the mark and yen on Monday with the markets nervous over Tokyo's monetary direction ahead of a key Japanese economic survey due this week.
The dollar at the close had slipped by nearly a pfennig and a yen compared with Friday's levels in dealings that were subdued because British markets were shut for a seasonal holiday.
The weaker dollar had a depressing effect on the main European bourses, which ended down after business that was quiet because of London's closure.
A poor performance on Wall Street did nothing to dispel the gloom.
The dollar's closing level of 107.55 yen compared to Friday's 108.50 was prompted by a growing uncertainty over the direction of Japan's monetary policy.
Dollar ends sharply down on new jitters
Of the people surveyed, 52 percent feared strikes and social unrest the most.
French return to what could be a tough autumn.
The French are returning from their holidays in a depressed mood, disappointed by economic weakness and continued budget austerity which could lead to a difficult autumn for the government.
According to a poll published in the Le Parisien newspaper on Monday, 54 percent of the French are pessimistic about "La Rentree" - the big return to work, school and politics.
Strikes, poverty and job losses topped voters' worries, the CSA survey of 1,005 people showed.
The poll also found that 78 percent of those polled expected troubles for the centre-right government when the summer holidays end.
Sales of existing homes weaken in July.
Sales of existing homes weakened for a second consecutive month during July, the National Association of Realtors said Monday, as the impact of higher mortgage rates from earlier in the year began to slow the housing market.
The real estate lobby group said sales of existing, or used, homes fell 0.5 percent in July to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.14 million following a revised 2.8 percent June decline to 4.16 million.
Seoul stocks rattled by business tycoon sentencing.
The sentencing of nine South Korean business tycoons added to the country's economic worries Monday and sent Seoul stocks diving to a 33-month-low.
Most other Asian markets declined amid trade made sluggish by holidays for the London and Hong Kong markets.
Seoul's composite stock index fell 15.24 points, or 1.95 percent, to 766.89, the lowest close since Nov. 4, 1993, when it ended at 766.55.
The entire market is depressed right now because of the economic slow-down.
The sentencing of the business leaders is making the sentiment worse," said a broker at Hanyang Securities.
German economics minister Guenter Rexrodt said Bonn backed Volkswagen's claim to all the cash, despite Brussels' contention this could start a spiralling war of subsidies.
Positions harden in Saxon subsidy struggle.
Battle lines hardened on Monday in the dispute betweeen Germany and the European Union over subsidies by the state of Saxony for auto maker Volkswagen AG.
Germany and the EU each threatened to file fresh complaints in the case with the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg, after Saxony did so on Friday.
The tussle began in June when the European Commission approved only 540 million marks ($365.5 million) of a proposed 780 million marks in subsidies for VW to build two plants in the formerly communist east German state.
Its shares dropped 1.5 percent to 208 marks on the news.
Disappointing growth in passenger and freight volumes limited expansion and the airline said its German business was hit by a flood of cheap flights from subsidised airlines, excess capacity and a fatal fire in April at Duesseldorf airport.
Price war hurts Lufthansa earnings
German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG on Monday blamed a 37 percent slump in its first-half profit mainly on price slashing by European rivals but said its full-year earnings should be stable.
Seoul court hands death to Chun, 22 years to Roh
A South Korean court sentenced former president Chun Doo Hwan to death on Monday on charges relating to a 1979 coup that thrust him to power.
His presidential successor, Roh Tae-woo, was sentenced to 22-1/2 years in prison on similar charges of masterminding the putsch and attempted murder of superior officers.
Both were found guilty of taking bribes
Sentiment hit by weaker dollar, Bunds, lower Wall Street close on Friday and bank holiday in London.
Blue chips slump; long-term interest rates rise to 7 pct
Blue-chip stocks slumped Monday in the second-slowest session of the year as a jump in long-term interest rates to 7 percent drew Wall Street's attention from a battery of buyout deals
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 28.85 points at 5,693.89
In the broader market, declining issues beat advances 1,331 to 869.
Melvin Esterin, co-chairman of FoxMeyer, said the company sought a buyer to raise new capital, but the sale was called off because its suppliers refused to work with the Taggart group.
FoxMeyer Drug declares bankruptcy after sale falls through.
FoxMeyer Drug Co., the nation's fourth-largest wholesaler of drugs, said Tuesday it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after efforts to sell the ailing company fell through.
French teachers' unions warned on Tuesday of protests including a likely strike over job cuts expected in the centre-right government's austerity budget but said they would meet again before deciding what action to take
As public sector unions prepare their response to planned budget cuts, Nicole Notat, head of the country's biggest union, the CFDT, also warned on Tuesday of "tension and conflicts" when the French return from their summer holidays.
One teachers' union called in advance of the Tuesday meeting for members to protest against the job cuts in education which are expected under the government's 1997 spending-cut budget.
The dollar weakened during the day with many dealers sidelined because of uncertainty over Tokyo's monetary direction ahead of the important Japanese Tankan economic survey out on Wednesday
But the merger will have big repurcussions in Europe, where some national telephone monopolies, due to expire in 1998, present a tempting combination of bloated prices and workforces and complacent management.
"Moves made when part of the market is on holiday tend to give up the ghost pretty quickly," one dealer said.
British regulator suspends three ex-Barings staff.
Britain's key markets regulator the Securities and Futures Authority (SFA) said on Tuesday it had disciplined three more former directors of Barings, the British merchant bank which collapsed in February 1995.
In a statement the SFA said the three -- George Maclean, head of the banking group of Baring Investment Bank, Anthony Hawes, group treasurer of Baring Investment Bank and Anthony Gamby, director of settlements for Baring Investment Bank -- had failed to act with due skill, care and diligence.
In March the SFA, which grants the licences vital to do business in London's financial district, said it had started disciplinary action against an unspecified number of unnamed individuals in connection with the collapse of Barings.
Nick Leeson, the trader blamed for stacking up $1.4 billion of unauthorised trading losses which crippled the bank, is serving a six-and-a-half year jail sentence in Singapore.
New York's negative close on Monday also unsettled the dollar, already hit by uncertainty over Tokyo's monetary direction ahead of an important survey Japanese economic survey out on Wednesday.
Stocks in London started the week badly after a three-day weekend, slipping 0.3 percent.
Most Euro bourses down, led by London
Most European bourses declined in early trade on Tuesday, weighed down by a poor performance on Wall Street, with London falling the most after a hitting a new peak last Friday.
London shares started sharply lower on Tuesday after the long holiday weekend as a disappointing performance on Wall Street and technical positions in the market sparked an early markdown, traders said.
The FTSE 100 opened some 18.0 points lower at 3,889.5 as shares retrenched after the string of all-time highs last week.
With the U.S. long bond yield creeping back up to the seven percent level again and a poor performance by U.S. stocks in recent sessions, shares were unable to hold Friday's record closing high.
The airport spokesman said the six hijackers, who police said were armed with grenades and possibly other explosives, were believed to be Iraqi nationals.
Oliver said he became angry when NBC television commentators began calling Johnson the world's fastest man, a title he said traditionally goes to the winner of the 100-meter race.
Canadians take issue with world fastest man title.
A Canadian newspaper publisher is mounting a campaign to strip U.S. sprinter Michael Johnson of his title as the world's fastest man.
Since last year, the group has been involved in a lengthy battle to prevent local rivals, businessmen George Sombonos and George Charalambous, from using its name.
A court had earlier ruled in favour of the two Georges, who rejected the U.S. corporation's claim that U.S. sanctions had kept it out of apartheid South Africa.
Slovakia's Prime Minister Vladimir Meciar sacked three key ministers on Tuesday, the news agency CTK reported.
It said Slovak President Michal Kovac had accepted the firing of the economics, foreign affairs and interior ministers, and named replacements for the three.
Slovak premier sacks three key ministers - agency.
The privatisation of Hungary's MATAV telecommunications company lacked vision and was irregular, the State Audit Office said according to newspaper reports.
The privatisation was inadequately planned and failed to consistently represent the state's interests, the Hungarian daily Nepszabadsag said on Tuesday in an article about the audit office's report, which has not yet been published.
In the broader market, advancing issues beat declines 1,387 to 899 on moderate volume of 306 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
In the bond market, the 30-year Treasury rose 10/32, or $3.125 on a $1,000 bond, lowering its yield to 6.97 percent from 7.00 percent at Monday's close
The U.S. Justice Department said Tuesday that three companies and three of their executives have agreed to plead guilty and pay more than $20 million in criminal fines as part of the government's price-fixing investigation involving Archer Daniels Midland Co.
It said Ajinomoto Co. Inc. and Kyowa Hakko Kogyo Co. Ltd., both based in Toyko, and the U.S. unit of the South Korean firm Sewon Company Ltd. admitted conspiring to fix prices to eliminate competition in the worldwide market for lysine, an animal feed supplement.
ValuJet Inc. said Tuesday it temporarily laid off 134 customer-service workers to conserve cash while it waits for regulatory approval to resume operations.
Keeping the customer service agents on the payroll while being grounded "just didn't make sense," said ValuJet spokesman Gregg Kenyon.
"This is a momentum that cannot be maintained, so this market is giving back some of its gains," said P and C Holdings President Ron Meisels.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's key 300 Composite Index lost 12.8 points to close at 5173.9 points for its second straight losing session.
Prices for plywood and other lumber materials have climbed this week on concern that hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean such as Edouard will damage East Coast buildings and lead to more construction activity, fuelling demand for wood.
Lumber prices rose to the highest level in nearly 2-1/2 years and cotton prices jumped Tuesday on worries that Hurricane Edouard may hit the East Coast and parts of the southeastern United States in coming days.
The Commodity Research Bureau index of 17 futures fell 0.57 point to 249.76.
On London's International Petroleum Exchange, which was closed for a holiday on Monday, October futures for North Sea benchmark Brent Blend crude shed 38 cents to $20.04 a barrel.
London's declines follow a similar slide on Monday on the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) where profit-takers pushed crude lower.
On Tuesday, October NYMEX crude futures lost just six cents to $21.56 per barrel.
Saxony and the European Commission locked horns in June when the Commission approved only 540 million marks ($366 million) of a proposed 780 million marks in subsidies for Volkswagen to build two plants in the formerly communist east German state.
Volkswagen defends Saxony subsidy decision.
Ferdinand Piech, management board chairman of German carmaker Volkswagen, on Tuesday defended the decision by the Saxony government to pay subsidies to the company in defiance of a European Union ban.
It also emerged on Tuesday that New York regulators may freeze the insurance market's assets if Britain declares the market insolvent.
FoxMeyer Drug declares bankruptcy after sale falls through
FoxMeyer Drug Co., the nation's fourth-largest wholesaler of drugs, said Tuesday it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after efforts to sell the ailing company fell through.
Lloyd's to tell appellate court survival at stake.
Lloyd's of London was back in court on Tuesday in a bid to overturn a U.S. court ruling that it claims threatens its reorganization plan.
Lloyd's was set to argue that the court ruling Friday granting a preliminary injunction blocking the plan could eventually lead to the collapse of the 300-year-old insurance market.
A hearing on Lloyd's appeal of the ruling was set to begin Tuesday morning in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Baltimore. U.S. Circuit Judge Paul V.
Veimeyer said Tuesday the court would issue its ruling in the case at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT).
Mixed industrial group Linde AG fell after it reported an eight percent increase in 1996 first half profits to 262.1 million marks.
The company reported a 24 million real loss in the first half.
The company, which had been anticipating a profit, said its operations lost $7.8 million, or 19 cents a share, in the three months ended June 30, after pre-opening costs, on $30 million in sales.
FOCUS-Rexrodt sees some de-escalation in VW case.
German economics minister Guenter Rexrodt said on Tuesday he sees signs from the European Union of an easing of tensions over disputed subsidies by the state of Saxony to auto maker Volkswagen AG.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl's cabinet discussed whether to file a complaint with the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg in the case, but reached no decision at its regular meeting on Tuesday, Rexrodt told Reuters
S.Korea Chun's lawyers study appeal against ruling.
A day after disgraced former president Chun Doo Hwan was sentenced to death on charges of mutiny and treason, his defence lawyers on Tuesday were studying ways to challenge the court ruling.
"The defence team is studying whether to appeal against the sentence," an aide to Lee Yang-woo, Chun's defence lawyer, said by telephone.
Some foreign investors have been put off by Malaysia's burgeoning current account deficit, which surged from 11 billion ringgit in 1994 to 17.8 billion ringgit in 1995 and is expected by the government to stabilise at around 17 billion this year.
Unilever detergent ad sparks 'racist' charge
A TV commercial for Unilever's flagship Persil detergent showing a white horse escaping from a group of black horses has been accused by viewers of promoting racism, the industry watchdog said on Wednesday.
Britain's Independent Television Commission (ITC), which licenses and regulates Britain's commercial TV, said 32 viewers protested that the image implied that white is superior to black and "therefore carried a racist message".
However the watchdog urged careful vetting of advertisements using images which could be misconstrued as "racial metaphors".
An ad for a British soft drink depicting a boy with horns and glowing eyes drew complaints from viewers who linked it to devil imagery too disturbing for children, the industry watchdog said on Wednesday.
The Independent Television Commission (ITC), which licenses and regulates Britain's commercial TV, said it had restricted the television ad for the fizzy drink Irn Bru by allowing it to be shown only late at night, after the ITC received 57 complaints.
The ITC's move underscores growing public concern about the use of demonic images in advertising.
Many condemn such 'shock tactic' ads for the distress they can cause to children.
Devil imagery in soft drink ad too scary for kids.
The September Bund future on the London International Financial Futures and Options Exchange (LIFFE) was trading at 97.36, down 0.10 from Friday's settlement price.
BRITAIN - UK gilt futures ended weaker after a mainly quiet session, matching the tone on other bond markets.
The main focus will be Wednesday's auction of 2.5 billion sterling of 7.5 percent gilts due 2006, which is generally expected to be fairly well covered.
But early trading on Tuesday saw a downward correction to around 134.00.
Torrential rain and gales in the world number two producer, Colombia, had aroused worries about possible damage to the crop.
Of more immediate concern to traders was a shortage of quality coffee available for delivery against the September Arabica grade futures contract in New York.
LONDON - Losses in British bank and oil shares, plus weakness in gilts, kept a lid on the FTSE 100, but the leading blue chip index managed to hold the closely-watched 3,900 level, closing 1.8 points lower at 3,905.7.
Sentiment muted by ongoing weakness of the dollar and a lower close on Wall Street overnight, but trade underpinned by stronger German debt market.
Losses in British bank and oil shares, plus weakness in gilts, kept a lid on the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares on Tuesday.
But the index managed to hold the closely-watched 3,900 level, closing 1.8 lower at 3,905.7 points.
Dividend payouts skimmed 1.6 points off the FTSE 100, with ASDA Group, BSkyB, Railtrack and Reed International all ex-dividend.
FTSE 100 ends lower, but holds above 3,900 level.
Monks pointed out the private sector had been affected, too, with disputes at British Airways and Peugeot.
Mail workers have held a series of one-day strikes in a dispute over working arrangements, and London underground railway drivers have staged short stoppages for a better pay and hours deal.
Air fare row grounds Virgin's Swiss launch.
"We have been denied the right to offer the kind of low fares that have been the trademark of this company, Virgin Express chief executive Jonathan Ornstein said in a statement.
A spokesman for Virgin Group, British owner of the Belgian based airline, said Swiss authorities had objected to Virgin proposals to undercut by 50 percent the fares of Swissair and its Belgian affiliate Sabena
"We were hoping to offer a regular one-way fare of 115 Swiss francs ($97) with a special launch offer of 86 francs but the Swiss authorities have utterly refused to let us fly on the basis of that fare," spokesman Will Whitehorn said
Instead Virgin has rejected an offer to be allowed to set a limited-availability return fare of 298 francs -- 25 percent of the full-fare price of 1,190 francs listed by Swissair and Sabena -- and vowed to fight for the right to discount more.
European cut-price airline Virgin Express said on Tuesday that Swiss objections to its low fares forced it to call off plans for a new Brussels-Geneva service on September 2.
Crowds in London wine bars spill onto the streets, raucous laughter interrupted only by the pop of champagne corks and the roar of the latest Porsche.
Bass shares flat in wake of Allied deal.
Shares in brewer Bass Plc were down one penny to 841p at 0745 GMT on Tuesday in the first London trading session since the firm announced a deal on Sunday that saw it buy Allied Domecq's 50 percent stake in Carlsberg-Tetley
Analysts said the deal, which had been heavily speculated on during the past few months, contained few surprises and had already been calculated into the firm's share price.
Ecological warfare has broken out across the British construction industry, striking some of the biggest corporates as activists give up peaceful protests and seek to hit builders where it hurts -- their profit margins.
Described by one British company as "eco-terrorism", it is seen as the new business risk of the 1990s.
Famous names like Tarmac Plc, Costain Group Plc and ARC, a unit of conglomerate Hanson Plc, have all been targeted.
FEATURE - "Eco terrorists" target UK builders.
Scotland Rugby Football Union president Fred McLeod said on Wednesday if there was no change in the Rugby Football Union's (RFU) approach England would be excluded from the championship
But last April England infuriated their championship colleagues when they decided to sign a 87.5 million pounds sterling ($135.8 million) deal giving Sky television exclusive rights to rugby union matches in England.
A firm start on Wall Street helped push leading London shares to a new record high on Wednesday and German stocks closed floor trading up but the Paris bourse slipped sharply, hit by a weakening franc and fears of industrial unrest.
Last week Compuserve reported a loss for its fiscal first quarter and projected a loss for the second quarter.
It said a drop in subscriber growth, investments in its Wow! service for novice users and other costs hurt its performance.
Compuserve and rivals America Online Inc. and Prodigy have been hurt as computer users have gone directly to the Internet through lower-cost Internet access providers rather than logging on via proprietary online services.
The Office for National Statistics said total exports fell slightly to 13.63 billion pounds ($21.25 billion) and imports were also down at 14.75 billion ($22.99 billion).
The unexpected figures convinced markets that Japanese interest rates would stay at rock-bottom levels -- weakening the yen
The Japanese discount rate is currently at a record low of 0.5 percent.
Markets jolted by gloomy Japanese corporate survey.
News that corporate Japan grew unexpectedly gloomy in August jolted financial markets on Wednesday, sending the dollar soaring above 108 yen and killing lingering speculation of an increase in interest rates.
The Bank of Japan's quarterly corporate survey, or "tankan", showed the diffusion index for major manufacturers -- an important gauge of business sentiment -- falling to minus seven in August from minus three in the previous survey in May.
"But there's also the potential worry in looking at the number of infected animals that entered the food chain."
In the "first comprehensive analysis" of the epidemic in the scientific journal Nature, the veterinarians, epidemiologists and other experts said it would be hard to get rid of the epidemic any faster without slaughtering vast numbers of cattle.
U.S. distillates stocks are now more than 19 million barrels, or 15 percent, below levels at the same time last year, raising concern among refiners in the run up to the northern hemisphere winter
American Petroleum Institute statistics for the week to August 23 showed gasoline stocks down 2.238 million barrels and distillates down 463,000 barrels.
Tankan boosts Japan government bonds but pitfalls ahead.
But the survey may prove to be a double-edged sword -- enticing politicians to unleash new stimulus measures as the economy falters -- and investors should be wary about going too overweight at the expense of other bond markets, they said.
That history is one etched into the minds of all investors in Mexico: an economy in crisis since December 1994, a free-falling peso and stubbornly high interest rates.
CompuServe Corp. Tuesday reported a surprisingly large $29.6 million fiscal first-quarter loss, blaming a decline in the number of subscribers to the No. 2 online service and spending on a new family-oriented service and improvements.
CompuServe reports loss, cutting work force.
Hog prices tumble as supplies increase, cocoa gains
Crude oil fell after rising on Monday. Gold edged higher
Crude oil fell after rising on Monday
Philip Morris Cos. Inc., one of nine tobacco companies named in the suit, said it would vigorously defend itself against the suit, which it said had no basis in law.
Kansas, Arizona add to suits against tobacco firms.
Kansas and Arizona filed lawsuits against some of the biggest tobacco firms Tuesday, joining a growing list of states seeking to1 recover hundreds of millions of dollars for the costs of treating smoking-related illnesses
At the same time, sources said that Michigan and Oklahoma were preparing to file similar lawsuits this week, bringing to 14 the total number of states suing the industry.
Kansas Attorney General Carla Stovall called tobacco "the most lethal consumer product ever sold" and said her state's lawsuit was warranted because of the "enormous financial burden" that the tobacco industry had shifted to Kansas taxpayers.
But in the long run, industry officials fear that workers already earning above the new minimum wage, which will rise to $5.15 an hour next year, will be looking for more.
"What we're concerned about is the ripple effect it brings," said Bruce Cotton, chief spokesman for Long John Silver's Restaurants Inc. in Lexington, Ky.
Lloyd's CEO questioned in recovery suit in U.S
Ronald Sandler, chief executive of Lloyd's of London, on Tuesday underwent a second day of court interrogation about the 300-year-old insurance market's multibillion-dollar recovery plan, which he defended as critical to Lloyd's solvency
Tens of thousands of investors in Lloyd's worldwide -- quaintly known as Names -- were anxiously awaiting the outcome of the case, in which 100 U.S. investors have applied for an injunction to block the recovery plan
The NYSE composite fell 0.03 to 356.61
NYSE closing averages
Protestors, carrying signs reading, "Stop the Merger," said they represented retirees, trade union members and others. Blue Cross is currently a not-for-profit entity.
Dole accused the Clinton administration of spending too little on modernising U.S. forces and meeting the needs of U.S. troops
The widow and three teenaged children of Richard Rogers, an Indianapolis lawyer who died at the age of 52 in 1987, are seeking unspecified damages.
The lawsuit was moving toward a close as Kansas became the 11th state and Arizona the 12th to sue the tobacco industry to recover Medicaid costs of smokers.
Kansas files lawsuit against tobacco companies.
Oil prices slip as refiners shop for bargains
World oil prices slipped on Tuesday in a market where refiners stung by high crude premiums and poor margins began to bargain for a cheaper barrel.
October futures for world benchmark Brent Blend crude from the North Sea closed down 38 cents at $20.43 a barrel after failing to break through the day's high of $20.80.
"There was a broad feeling in the market that Brent was overheated and had to come down," a trader said
After growing at its fastest pace in two years in the second quarter, the economy looks to have slowed recently as the housing market has weakened and retail sales have stalled.
Sandler is fighting the action personally and underwent several hours of cross-examination on Monday, said Lloyd's.
Lloyd's chief undergoes U.S. grilling.
Lloyd's of London chief executive Ron Sandler on Tuesday faced a three-hour grilling in a crucial United States court case, which threatens at the last minute to upset a recovery plan for the 300-year-old insurance market
Tens of thousands of investors in Lloyd's worldwide are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the case in Virginia, where U.S. investors (Names) have applied for an injunction to stop the recovery plan in its tracks.
The investors, known as Names, contend that Lloyd's has contravened U.S. disclosure law
"If America is prepared to fight many wars and greater wars, and any wars to come, then maybe we will fight fewer wars and lesser wars and perhaps no wars at all," Dole said, accusing the Clinton administration of inadequate spending on modernising U.S. forces while relying too much on U.N.-related missions
"I will never commit the armed forces, not one single soldier, without the prospect of victory," said Dole, who also faulted Clinton's policy on "terrorist" states like Iran, Cuba and North Korea
The two main unions representing German retail workers split apart on Tuesday
The HBV union pulled out of talks in a four-month old pay dispute while the DAG opted to continue negotiations.
However the service sector union HBV pulled out of the talks on Tuesday after employers refused to accept its unexpected demand for extra compensation for night work.
The 30-share DAX ended the day down 2.50 points at 2,560.26 points after sticking in a seven-point range.
NYSE says exchange seat sold for $1.16 mln, down $287,500.
The New York Stock Exchange said Tuesday that a seat on the exchange sold for $1.16 million, down $287,500 from the previous sale on May 7.
British money growth slows, back in monitoring range.
Orange telecom group loss grows but says future bright.
Fresh talks on German retail pay dispute falter
Talks between German retail workers' unions and shopowners aimed at resolving a four-month old pay dispute hit a further stumbling block on Tuesday, despite union optimism that a settlement could be reached.
Ulrich Walter, chief negotiator for shopowners in North Rhine-Westphalia, said an unexpected union demand for night-time bonuses for the region's 450,000 retail workers had made agreement impossible in Tuesday's talks.
However, the society said its share of Britain's reviving housing market slipped to a 7.2 percent share of net mortage lending and 15.2 percent of gross mortgage lending.
Spokesman Gary Marsh said in an interview that these levels were below the firm's normal market share of about 20 percent because it had shied away from re-mortgaging, which accounted for 30 percent of the total mortgage market.
Lloyd's of London Tuesday braced for a possible ruling in a crucial United States court case that threatens at the last minute to upset a recovery plan for the 300-year-old insurance market.
In June, the value of U.S. corn exports fell to $640 million from $885 million in May, and wheat exports fell to $448 million from $475 million.
But the news failed to give buoyancy to Wella's shares
U.S. June trade gap narrows sharply as imports drop.
The jury found that Bond had improperly used his position as director of his former corporate flagship, Bond Corporation Holdings Ltd, to allow his private company to buy La Promenade for about A$10 million less than its market value in 1988.
Failed Australian businessman Alan Bond was jailed for three years on Tuesday for fraud involving the French impressionist painting, La Promenade.
In sentencing Bond, the Australian judge said the jail term was not the maximum 14-year sentence, but it would be like a "life sentence" as it would haunt the former high-flyer forever.
Bond, whose personal fortune was estimated at A$350 million (US$273 million) in the late 1980s, was found guilty last Friday on four fraud charges surrounding the sale of Eduoard Manet's La Promenade.
The full-year dividend of 5.5 pence was lower than expected, however.
Aborigines burn flag in Canberra budget protests.
Aborigines burnt an Australian flag during an anti-budget rally in front of parliament house on Tuesday and clashed with police as Treasurer Peter Costello assured Australians his first budget at 0930 GMT would be fair.
Hundreds of other Aborigines staged rallies in Brisbane and Adelaide against already announced cuts to indigenous funding in the 1996/97 budget.
"Everyone, if you want to come and stamp on the white law, and the white flag, stamp on the ashes like they stamped on ours," said an Aborigine as the Australian flag burned.
The aboriginal protest, which attracted about 1,000 people, was rowdy, with chanting, didgeridoo playing and rhythm sticks.
At one stage Aborigines tried to enter the nearby old parliament house, but were repelled by police in riot gear.
"Everyone, if you want to come and stamp on the white law, and the white flag, stamp on the ashes like they stamped on ours," said an Aborigine as the Australian flag burned.
About 150 Aborigines attacked police with bricks, bottles and stakes during a 20-minute confrontation at the old parliament house
At one stage Aborigines tried to enter the nearby old parliament house, but were repelled by police in riot gear.
The aboriginal protest, which attracted about 1,000 people, was rowdy, with chanting, didgeridoo playing and rhythm sticks.
One policewoman was repeatedly kicked and has been taken to hospital in a serious condition, a police spokeswoman said.
On Monday, an anti-government rally of 15,000 unionists, Aborigines, students and welfare groups in front of Canberra's parliament ended in a riot, as hundreds of protesters stormed into the parliament's foyer.
Aborigines burn flag in Canberra budget protests.
Aborigines burnt an Australian flag during an anti-budget rally in front of parliament house on Tuesday and clashed with police as Treasurer Peter Costello assured Australians his first budget at 0930 GMT would be fair.
Hundreds of other Aborigines staged rallies in Brisbane and Adelaide against already announced cuts to indigenous funding in the 1996/97 budget.
But several dealers said they saw it venturing higher later this week.
There was also evidence discounts could be narrowing again
Ernest Fenton, director general of the AITC noted that discounts are "often misunderstood by individual investors."
He said "Discounts are not an automatic indication of poor performance or poor returns on investments.
But IBCA said the path would not be easy.
Complaints surge over UK "demonic" political ads.
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) told Reuters it had received about 100 complaints and would decide in a few days whether the campaign broke rules that ban offensive ads and those that unfairly infringe on the privacy of public figures.
If the rules were breached by the ads, which were run by the incumbent Conservative Party in British newspapers this month, the ASA will ban the ads.
"The advertising industry itself doesn't want political advertising to degenerate into mud-slinging," an advertising industry source told Reuters.
The ASA has received written responses to the complaints from M&amp;C Saatchi, the advertising agency that created the campaign and that was started last year by Maurice Saatchi and his brother, Charles.
London shares opened mixed but steady on Tuesday as UK economic data and U.S. and German decisions on monetary policy expected this week once again dampened trading interest, dealers said.
Share in BSkyB were indicated 2p lower at 535p in pre-market trade after the company declared a dividend that fell slightly short of expectations, dealers said.
But the dividend of 5.5p per share was about 1p below analysts' forecasts.
BSkyB indicated lower after results.
The news came as the company announced a pre-tax loss of 125.2 million pounds ($193.6 million) in line with market consensus for the six months to June 30, but up from 88.8 million previously.
Toronto's stocks end stronger on resource issues.
The CAW said the workers were concerned about job security and wanted an improved pension plan.
"The company wants the right to lay off workers without regard to seniority," CAW national representative Jerry Dias said in a statement.
Polish consumer group takes Coca-Cola to court.
Poland's Consumer Federation has issued four court writs against Coca-Cola's local unit seeking payment on behalf of people who say they won prizes in a promotion this year, PAP news agency said on Tuesday.
Shares in SPT Telecom, as expected, suffered a strong downward correction on the Prague Stock Exhcange, pulling the bourse sharply lower.
SPT shares gained 102 crowns just before Monday's session closed, but dealers had said the move was little more than a last minute accounting procedure, and that the rise did not correspond to market reality.
By the end of the session, their words had been borne out with SPT shares losing 102 crowns to 3,339.
The fall more than offset broader issues gains, dragging the PX50 index down five points, 0.88 percent, to 564.9.
Czech SPT falls back to earth, pulls PSE with it.
But Jochen Wermuth, head of the Finance Ministry's economic expert group, said that revenues -- 5.2 trillion roubles for the 15-day period -- were well below the government's 25 trillion rouble target for the month.
But they said unspectacular May and June earnings had hastened the downward correction that followed the main market's 90-percent rise this year to a 27-month high of 14,282.2 points on July 5.
Polish shares extend rally, may lose steam.
Measures by the National Bank of Slovakia to ease the country's money supply may not be working, as a mounting liquidity surplus continues to drive prices down on the money market, analysts said on Tuesday.
They said the market's burgeoning liquidity, which is seen driving  rates down by some two percentage points to about 10 percent on all maturities, points to the ineffectiveness of the NBS's recent moves to take money out of circulation.
"If we don't do it now, Australia is going to be in deficit and debt into the next century."
Australia's new conservative government on Wednesday began selling its tough deficit-slashing budget, which sparked violent protests by Aborigines, unions, students and welfare groups even before it was announced.
Treasurer Peter Costello, announcing a underlying deficit of A$5.6 billion (US$4.4 billion) for the year to June 30, 1997, said tough cuts were vital to avoid Australia being "dangerously exposed to shifts in the international outlook or sentiment".
Costello said the five-month-old Liberal-National government had taken the tough decisions needed to turn Australia away from "a path to deficit and debt" in its first budget.
But the sale stirred heated opposition, and political commentators said the publicity had been partially responsible for the governing National Party's five-point dip to 37 percent support in a TV3 opinion poll published on Monday.
China's retail price inflation rate slipped to 6.9 percent for the first seven months of the year, well below a target of 10 percent for the year and down sharply from the 14.8 percent for all of 1995.
China is urging its colour television producers to end a price war, saying it is hurting the domestic industry and helping foreign brands, the Economic Daily said on Tuesday.
The price war -- touched off in March by industry giant Sichuan Changhong Electric Appliances Co ltd -- was an attempt to counter rampant smuggling of foreign TVs and rising domestic stockpiles, Liu Jianfeng, vice minister of the Ministry of Electronics Industry was quoted as saying.
The price slashing has cut into earnings of domestic makers
The two analysts also said the South Korean stock market was expected to decline further.
A lower won could also eat into corporate profits, they warned.
Tsann Kuen reports 26 pct dip in interim.
Appliance maker Tsann Kuen (China) Enterprise Co Ltd said on Tuesday its net earnings fell to 26.23 million yuan in the first half of this year from 35.55 million yuan in the same period of 1995
Tsann Kuen blamed its earnings slide on increased global competition which had forced it to cut its prices, and phasing out of its tax exempt status.
Japan's economic recovery hugs the slow lane.
Philippines wary of terrorist threats to APEC meet.
Philippines wary of terrorist threats to APEC meet.
Enrile said among particular concerns were Islamic militant groups such as Hamas.
Sampoerna denies link to Transmarco takeover.
Tuesday's assault by riot police on Yonsei University to flush out several thousand undergraduates who had occupied two buildings was the worst campus violence since President Kim Young-sam took power in 1993.
Critics partly blame Kim for the unrest, saying it is the outcome of confusion caused by what they see as his lack of a coherent policy on the North.
Students isolated on Korean reunification issue.
South Korea's militant students find themselves isolated from a hostile public as they press a violent campaign for reunification with North Korea.
Heroes of the battle for democracy in the late 1980s, when the middle classes rallied behind them, the radical students have now alienated ordinary South Koreans by embracing Pyongyang's blueprint for a single Korea.
Authorities say their leaders are Communist stooges blocking their efforts to bring peace to the divided Korean peninsula.
A Reuters poll of eight economists had early predicted a nominal year-on-year fall of 1.7 percent.
China frets over flagging interest in state media.
The circulation of the People's Daily in Beijing alone has plunged by about 30 percent this year, alarming propaganda officials, a Chinese source said.
Thailand's opposition parties submitted a no-confidence motion on Tuesday against beleaguered Prime Minister Banharn Silpa-archa, accusing him of damaging the country through mismanagement and inefficiency.
"Prime Minister Banharn is inefficient and shows a lack of leadership... ," the opposition said in the motion submitted to the president of parliament.
"He has abused his duty and turned a blind eye to rampant corruption... all of which has caused damage to the country... "
Five accidents over 10 days could cost Taiwan's Chinese Petroleum Corp more than T$2 billion (US$72.7 million) in compensation and losses, the state-owned monopoly said on Tuesday.
The question has perplexed journalists, nervous stock market investors and ordinary citizens since Lien, a dapper, U.S.-educated millionaire who doubles as premier or cabinet chief, dropped from sight in New York on Sunday.
Lien's whereabouts are laden with portent for Taiwan's strained ties with longtime rival China, which surely is as curious as anyone about his movements.
Palestinian Authority facing financial collapse.
The Palestinian Authority faces financial collapse if an Israeli blockade on self-ruled areas is not lifted and if international donors fail to disburse economic aid, foreign diplomats said on Tuesday.
"Within weeks the Palestinian Authority may face a liquidity crisis and financial collapse," said Terje Larsen, U.N. special envoy to the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Israeli shares decline on sales by funds.
Israeli shares closed lower across the board in dull trading on Tuesday as provident funds resumed selling, traders said.
The benchmark Mishtanim index of the top 100 shares fell 1.08 points, or 0.62 percent, to 172.31 on an all-share turnover of 58 million shekels, unchanged from Monday.
The Maof 25 index fell 0.51 percent to 182.42.
Activity is very low and the market looks really bad.
Turkey budget deficit keeps pressure on coalition.
The sharp rise in Turkey's January-July budget deficit maintains pressure on the government to rein in spending and reduce its interest payment burden, analysts said on Tuesday.
"The deficit increase is going to accelerate in the last part of the year from September when markets are volatile," said Ali Seyhun, director of research at ATA Securities.
The company and its partners have identified five trillion cubic feet in the area and that could be just the tip of the iceberg.
Israeli blitz hurt Lebanon economy -- report.
Lebanon's economic activity stagnated due to a 17-day Israeli blitz in April that caused $300 million in damages, a leading  Beirut bank said on Tuesday.
"Aggregate economic activity was remarkably hit by a new Israeli aggression against Lebanon during April that resulted in a greater degree of stagnation," Fransabank said in its economic report for the second quarter of 1996.
"Based on some of these unfavorable economic conditions, several domestic and foreign experts estimate Lebanon's growth rate to run at nearly 3-4 percent this year, i.e. half of its 1995 level," the bank added.
The bank said the economic slowdown was also the result of poor performance in some influential sectors and slower capital inflows accompanied by an upsurge in public debt that curtailed the private sector's ability to acquire investment funds.
It said the April 11-27 operation caused $300 million in damages to infrastructure like electricity, telecommunications, water and road networks, and to agricultural, industrial and trade enterprises along with housing and commercial units.
This shows that unilateral moves cannot isolate the Iranian oil industry
The old Pan Am, an aviation pioneer, was founded in 1927, but went bankrupt in 1991 after years of red ink and after a bomb brought down one of its planes in Lockerbie, Scotland in 1988, killing 270 people.
Japanese kidnap victim says captivity was harrowing.
The Japanese electronics executive who was kidnapped in Mexico described his nine-day ordeal on Tuesday as harrowing and said he was looking forward to some rest and freedom.
"It took a tremendous toll on me, physically, emotionally and intellectually, he told a news conference at Sanyo's San Diego facilities on Tuesday.
Orange County, Calif.,'s former Treasurer Robert Citron testified Tuesday that he never discussed with the county's former budget director an alleged scheme to divert funds from cities and schools.
Former Budget Director Ronald Rubino, 44, was indicted by a county grand jury in December for allegedly aiding Citron in diverting funds from other government agencies for the county's benefit
Rubino, who has denied any wrongdoing, faces up to nine years in prison if convicted on the felony counts.
During his eargerly awaited testimony Tuesday, Citron told the jury he did not tell Rubino about the alleged transfer of funds, or the alleged manipulation of interest rates in the county-run investment portfolio.
Citron testified that Merrill Lynch &amp; Co. bond salesman Michael Stamenson was well aware of the alleged actions.
The Commerce Department reported the United States trade gap shrank 23 percent in June as imports of merchandise and petroleum fell sharply.
While the trade shortfall with Japan rose 3.6 percent in June, the second-quarter deficit of $10.5 billion with Japan was the smallest quarterly deficit in five years.
Huntsman Corp. drops $460 million bid for Rexene.
Huntsman Corp. on Tuesday dropped its $460 million bid for Rexene Corp. after being spurned twice by the Dallas-based chemical firm.
Huntsman, which is the largest privately held chemical company in the country, also said it would not pursue a hostile tender offer for Rexene -- a move that had been anticipated by some Wall Street takeover traders.
National Semiconductor Corp. said Tuesday it is cutting its headquarters work force by 170 people.
Dick Wilson, vice president of human resources, said the cutbacks were an attempt to cut costs as well as centralize the company's operations.
National Semiconductor to cut 170 workers.
CompuServe reports loss, cutting work force.
CompuServe Inc., the No. 2 online service, Tuesday reported a $29.6 million fiscal first-quarter loss and said it would cut 150 jobs, or 4 percent of its work force, as part of a $30 million cost-cutting programme.
Consumer Reports finds sport/utilities unsafe.
Consumer Reports magazine slapped a "Not Acceptable" label on two sport/utility vehicles Tuesday, saying the light trucks "have too great a tendency to roll over in certain situations."
The magazine said the 1995 and 1996 models of the Isuzu Trooper, made by Isuzu Motors Ltd., and the 1996 Acura SLX, also made by Isuzu but sold by Honda Motor Co. Ltd., were a danger to consumers because they "tipped up high on two wheels" in road tests.
Widespread aflatoxin found in south Texas corn.
Aflatoxin, a potent carcinogen, has been discovered in much of the corn harvested along the Texas Gulf Coast, and Texas grain sources said more may be found as the harvest moves north.
"It is a high level (of contamination) and it is serious," said George Latimer, the Texas state chemist based in College Station, Tx
"The levels of aflatoxin are of considerable concern throughout Texas."
Recreational boaters have complained that the government's fuel-dying programme caused fuel shortages and safety problems.
Some analysts said that while Fed policy-makers resisted pressures this summer to raise short-term rates, economic data over the coming weeks may force them to raise rates later this year.
Teamsters strike Hertz ahead of Chicago convention.
Three hundred employees of car rental giant Hertz Corp. went out on strike just one week before the Democratic National Convention begins here.
More than 20,000 people are expected to descend on Chicago next week for the Aug. 26-29 convention.
Novell has been a leader since 1983 in conventional networking software but has fallen behind Netscape Communications Corp. and Microsoft Corp. in the competition for intranets, private networks which function like the Internet's Web.
Kiwi cut about 25 percent of its flights in late June after an examination by the agency revealed problems involving pilot training records at the airline.
Analysts believe the computer has not sold well through Gateway's traditional mail-order business
The company has lagged behind rivals General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. in expanding overseas.
Another liability challenge to the tobacco industry headed toward a decision in court Tuesday, this one from the family of a man who began smoking at age six and died of lung cancer 46 years later.
The widow and three teenaged children of Richard Rogers, an Indianapolis lawyer who died at the age of 52 in 1987, are seeking unspecified damages.
Weaker imports shrink U.S. June trade gap.
Lower imports shrank the U.S. trade deficit dramatically in June, the Commerce Department said Tuesday, bolstering the impression of gradual waning in the economy's vigour.
The monthly gap between exports and imports plunged 23.1 percent to $8.11 billion from a revised $10.55 billion in May as fewer new foreign-made cars and computers poured into American markets.
U.S. high-yield bonds were mostly unchanged at mid-session, although traders said new issuance and gaming sector trade punctuated the quietude.
US corporate bonds firm ahead of FOMC announcement.
The suit challenged the adequacy of disclosures in the company's May 13, 1994 prospectus.
In June, the value of U.S. corn exports fell to $640 million from $885 million in May, and wheat exports fell to $448 million from $475 million.
The 30-year U.S. Treasury bond was down 2/32 to yield 6.80 percent.
The U.S. trade gap narrowed dramatically in June as imports of merchandise and petroleum plunged from May levels, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
The monthly deficit dropped 23.1 percent to $8.11 billion from a revised $10.55 billion in May -- much lower than the $9.4 billion shortfall that Wall Street economists had forecast for June.
U.S. June trade gap narrows sharply as imports drop.
Despite almost universal agreement that the Fed will opt against an interest rate increase at the meeting, analysts said there was little chance the market would choose today to snap out of its quiet, summertime ways.
A break-in at the U.S. Justice Department's World Wide Web site last week highlighted the Internet's continued vulnerability to hackers.
Unidentified hackers gained access to the department's web page on August 16 and replaced it with a hate-filled diatribe labelled the "Department of Injustice" that included a swastika and a picture of Adolf Hitler.
Justice officials quickly pulled the plug on the vandalised page, but the security flaws that allowed hackers to gain entry likely exist in thousands of other corporate and government web sites, security experts said.
"The vast majority of sites are vulnerable," said Richard Power, senior analyst at the Computer Security Institute
"The Justice Department shouldn't be singled out.
"I'd say at the very minimum Microsoft has leveled the playing field, and the real battle can now begin," said Adam Schoenfeld of the Jupiter Communications research firm.
Netscape launch marks new phase in browser battle.
The Internet browser wars heated up Monday as market leader Netscape Communications Corp launched its latest Navigator software and officials of rival Microsoft Corp. said they saw little new.
"The hotel accommodation sales trend, which has been quite satisfactory in the earlier months of the year, was clearly below expectations in June," it said.
The result was slightly lower than market expectations.
The carrier, which is partially owned by the governments of Sweden, Norway and Denmark, said group operating revenue fell to 17.44 billion Swedish crowns ($2.6 billion) from 17.74 billion ($2.7 billion).
No agreement was reached by a deadline this morning, so we had to close it down," Albert Wildgen, one of Europe Online's liquidators, told Reuters
Europe Online logs off for good after talks fail.
Bankrupt online service Europe Online SA logged off for good on Tuesday after last-ditch talks with Deutsche Telekom AG and others to keep the Luxembourg-based operation running failed.
German utility group Viag AG said Tuesday its group pretax profit fell 21 percent to 1.18 billion marks ($791 million) in the first half.
German company failures up 15 pct in 96-Hermes.
Hermes Kreditversicherungs-AG, Germany's biggest credit insurer, said it expects 25,000 company insolvencies during the current year.
The insurer said on Tuesday that this would represent a 15 percent rise in bankruptcies compared to the previous year.
On the European level the outlook was worsening as well
Hermes said it expected a six percent increase in bankruptcies in Europe this year
It was the holding companies which held us back," one dealer said
Italian June annual producer prices rose 0.6 percent after May's 1.3 percent, while June annual wholesale inflation increased 2.4 percent in June against 3.5 percent in May
It said its construction output fell by 4.6 percent in the first six months of 1996 to 5.9 billion marks ($4 billion).
Holzmann ran into huge financial problems in 1995, posting an unexpected loss of 443 million marks which forced it to omit its dividend payout.
But Bertinotti, who appears determined to bring as much influence as possible to bear on Prodi, could severely weaken the thrust of the centre-left government's ambitious reform programme, they said.
The leader of the marxist-inspired Communist Refoundation party, has threatened to pull the rug from under Prodi's feet if the government presses ahead with the Stet privatisation.
. The threat sent ripples through financial markets on Monday.
Trelleborg profits fall in first half.
The group's net profits fell to  657 million crowns ($99 million) in the first half of 1996, a sharp drop from the 954 million crowns ($144 million) reported for the same 1995 period.
Swedish mining, metals and engineering group Trelleborg said Tuesday its earnings dropped sharply in the first half of the year as metals prices fell and the Swedish crown strengthened against other currencies.
Operating income for the period dipped to 10.62 billion crowns ($1.6 billion) from 11.10 billion ($1.67 billion).
"The weaker economy, particularly on European markets, has led to weaker prices and lower volumes," Trelleborg said.
"Operating profit in the second half of 1996 is projected to be lower than for the first half of the year," it said.
It said this was likely to knock recently high prices.
Swedish mining, metals and engineering group Trelleborg said on Tuesday it expected profitability to fall in the second half of the year if currency exchange rates and metals prices remained at current levels.
"Assuming currency exchange rates and metals prices now in force, which in the case of copper means a far lower level than in the past ... we expect weaker profit generation in the second half year," Trelleborg said in its first half profit statement.
The group posted a profit after financial net of 657 million crowns ($99 million) for the first half of 1996, a sharp drop from the 954 million crowns reported for the same 1995 period.
Operating income for the period dipped to 10.62 billion crowns from 11.10 billion for the comparative period.
Trelleborg H1 profits fall, sees weaker H2
"Operating profit in the second half of 1996 is projected to be lower than for the first half of the year," it said.
Unidanmark said that interest and fee income was 2.6 percent up on the first six months of 1995 at 4.430 billion crowns and mortgage lending rose 30 percent to 158.8 million crowns.
Employers, hit by weak consumer spending, have baulked at accepting the Rhineland-Palatinate deal, and are particularly wary of the 20 percent allowance.
Swiss dismiss Internet referendums as too risky.
Swiss leaders on Tuesday rejected calls to hold the country's frequent national referendums on the Internet, saying computer networks were vulnerable to sabotage.
The Federal Council, or cabinet, dismissed a parliamentary request for a study of ways for Swiss voters to cast their ballots electronically over the world-wide computer network.
Internet voting would be too vulnerable to manipulation by computer hackers, since the Internet is accessible from almost any computer, the cabinet said.
"This danger is much greater in a computer network, and especially in the Internet, than under current voting methods," it said, referring to the ballot papers and boxes now in use.
Internet voting would also require enormous investment in technology to make it available to all, the cabinet added.
Saxony premier Kurt Biedenkopf, a Christian Democrat (CDU) ally of Chancellor Helmut Kohl, overrode Commission objections to the size of a proposed package for the carmaker and paid out extra funds, contending the state stood to lose 23,000 automotive jobs in Mosel and Chemnitz if it didn't pay.
Some 91 million marks ($61.1 million) are in dispute in the row that has worried Bonn by spurring anti-EU sentiment in the country, even from within the ranks of Kohl's conservatives.
German Economics Minister Guenter Rexrodt is to talk to European Competition Commissioner Karel Van Miert on Tuesday in a bid to cool a growing row about payments to Volkswagen AG, a Commission spokesman said.
It's a shame we had this problem
Who knows would have happened otherise?
The Malibu Perpetual Surfboard, made of redwood in 1948 in California, was retrieved from a wood pile in 1979 but is unavailable today at any price -- a bid of $25,000 having been turned down.
The tobacco industry's troubles deepened Wednesday with the White House expected to endorse strict new regulations on cigarettes on Friday and jury deliberations about to start in a key smoking case.
The timing of the White House announcement could hardly be worse for the industry, which is still reeling from a surprise $750,000 damage award earlier this month.
Meanwhile, Michigan became the 13th state to sue the industry Wednesday, and on Thursday an Indiana jury is to start weighing whether cigarette makers can be held liable for a smoker's addiction that allegedly led to his death.
Tobacco stocks were already tumbling Wednesday on concerns about the Indiana trial when White House officials said they expected President Bill Clinton to accept the new regulations from the Food and Drug Administration on Friday
The rules were expected to be similar to those the FDA proposed about a year ago
Tobacco companies fighting more bad news.
Bonn warns consumers to avoid British mutton.
Germany's Agriculture Ministry suggested on Wednesday that consumers avoid eating meat from British sheep until scientists determine whether mad cow disease can be transmitted to the animals.
"I do not want to say that there is a concrete danger for consumers," he added
"There are too many holes in what we know, and these must be filled very quickly."
Crude oil prices fall after inventory reports.
Crude oil prices moved lower Wednesday after government and industry reports showed crude inventories increased this past week.
Traders had expected a decrease.
Analysts said the stock of Philip Morris and other tobacco companies bowed under the weight of mounting industry lawsuits and signs of increased government oversight.
Blue chips fall on profit-taking, weak tobacco shares.
Blue-chip stocks fell Wednesday as investors called time out after a three-session winning streak and tobacco shares plunged as a crucial cigarette liability trial neared an end.
But Major's decision to honour Saatchi as well as public relations expert Peter Selwyn Gummer, both advisers to the ruling Conservative Party on its latest pre-election campaign, triggered a political storm.
The ad -- now under investigation by the Advertising Standards Authority -- is part of the Conservative's "New Labour New Danger' offensive, which has shocked many by the ferocity of its attacks on the opposition.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 31.44 to 5689.82.
The NYSE composite fell 0.50 to 356.11.
The average price per share fell $0.05.
NYSE closing averages.
Prices on the New York Stock Exchange closed lower in moderate trading Wednesday.
ValuJet says it cannot return to skies on Friday.
Two months ago, the European Space Agency's new Ariane 5 rocket blew up on its maiden flight, effectively ruling it out as a contender for the Hughes contract.
Old allies clash over S.African economy.
Two years after South Africa's first democratic elections, Nelson Mandela's African National Congress is attempting an economic policy U-turn, bringing it into conflict with old allies on the Left.
Earnings are off, occupancy is low and the casino's design has been turning gamblers away.
Its stock has tumbled to $1.625 a share from a high of $14 in April, and its bonds haven't faired any better.
Stratosphere tumbles from lofty heights after opening.
Stratosphere Corp., without a doubt operator of the tallest hotel and casino in Las Vegas, is looking mighty low these days.
Four months after the 1,149-foot tower, casino and hotel complex opened at the north end of the "Strip," Stratosphere has proved a major disappointment.
Sales growth in Europe by all manufacturers will slow to less than half of the rapid 35 percent rate set last year, said Compaq, the world's biggest maker of personal computers.
The civil servants had defied a government order to return to work by Wednesday morning, with their leaders saying they would only do so if the government committed to addressing the workers' complaints.
Chinosengwa urged all strikers to return to work on Thursday, but added they might walk out again if negotiations with the government scheduled for Thursday proved unsatisfactory.
Stocks weaken on profit-taking and lower bonds.
Stock prices fell in sluggish trading Wednesday as the market was pressured by profit-taking and a slump in bonds.
At 1 p.m. EDT, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.14 points at 5,686.12.
In the broader market, declining issues led advances 12-8 on moderate trading of 202 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Nasdaq Composite index was off 3.31 points at 1,121.36, and the American Stock Exchange index lost 1.46 at 557.83.
"I suspect we'll remain in drifting, low volume, low volatility activity until after Labour Day (Sept. 2) and after that the focus will be on third-quarter earnings and preannouncements," said Ricky Harrington, a technical analyst at Interstate/Johnson Lane.
The strike was called by the National Mass Movement Coordination Committee (NMMCC) in protest against the ruling centre-right coalition saying it was responsible for corruption, high inflation and unemployment in the Himalayan kingdom.
A battle is brewing in Connecticut over who is going to foot the bill for all the electricity Northeast Utilities was forced to buy this summer to make up for the loss of its nuclear power plants.
At stake is $120 million, which the state's attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, vows must not be paid by consumers.
"We will not permit and strongly oppose the costs to be borne by any NU customers," said Blumenthal, adding that the problems plaguing the utility's nuclear operations stemmed from "extraordinary mismanagement."
Conn., Northeast Utilities face off over power costs.
Bullion closed at $387.25, down $0.30 from Monday's close.
Unnerved German shares drop before Buba meeting.
German shares dropped on Wednesday after the closely-watched Ifo business climate index jumped in July, undermining hopes for a cut in Germany's securities repurchase rate on Thursday.
The blue-chip DAX index ended floor dealings down 16.52 points, or 0.65 percent, at 2,543.74 points.
Shares extended their losses in the post-bourse electronic session so that the IBIS DAX index closed at 2,534.44.
Zimbabwe strikers defy order to return to work.
Zimbabwean civil servants defied on Wednesday a government order to end a rare strike over pay, leaving some critical essential services partially paralysed.
Tension rose among the striking workers during the day amid rumours that some Public Service Association (PSA) union leaders, including its influential executive secretary John Makoni, had been arrested by Zimbabwe's feared secret police.
Earlier, Makoni had told reporters that "many" of the southern African state's 180,000 civil servants would continue the strike that began on Tuesday and left only senior officials at work.
"We have not changed our stance
Our position is still that we will only return to work once there is some commitment that the PSC (Public Services Commission) and ministry of public service, labour and social service will address our grievances," he said.
Rexene stock tumbles after Huntsman drops bid.
Ukraine appeases angry China over Taiwan VP visit.
Ukraine tried to soothe China's anger on Wednesday over a visit by Taiwanese Vice-President Lien Chan and re-affirmed Kiev's commitment to a "one China" policy.
China has already reacted to the visit by scrapping a planned trip to Kiev by a delegation headed by Li Tieying, chairman of the State Commission for Economic Restructuring
"The drop in earnings in the steel sector and related industries could be only partially offset."
Weak German economy hits Krupp profits.
German steel and engineering group Fried. Krupp AG Hoesch-Krupp said Wednesday its profits tumbled 17 percent in the first half of 1996 as the weak German economy  hurt the group's steel business
Pre-tax earnings fell to 185 million marks ($124.2 million) in the first six months of the year, from 223 million marks ($149.7 million) in the year-ago period, even though all six of its business divisions were profitable
"The decline is a result of the unsatisfactory economic development during the period under review," Krupp said.
Washington said earlier this month it would slap sanctions on companies investing more than $40 million in energy projects in Iran and Libya, calling them "two supporters of terrorism."
The United States has condemned the Turkey-Iran deal but said last week it was too early to decide whether to punish NATO ally Turkey.
"The American administration has shown understanding but certain circles in America are assessing (the deal) negatively," he said.
Indian Finance Minister P. Chidambaram said on Wednesday he hoped an unfolding corruption scandal involving a former minister would not stall an ambitious telephone privatisation programme.
Federal police have filed a corruption case against former communications minister Sukh Ram, who oversaw the telephone privatisation programme until the Congress party was defeated in general elections in April and May.
Separately on Thursday, Britain's postal delivery workers staged the sixth in a series of one-day strikes in protest at new working arrangements drawn up by the Royal Mail.
Although London commuters will now be spared 24-hour strikes that had been scheduled for Friday and next Tuesday, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) was still planning to stage a 24-hour walkout on Friday against seven train companies up and down Britain.
The stoppage was expected to cripple train services at the start of a busy three-day holiday weekend.
Oklahoma becomes 14th state to sue tobacco industry.
Attorney General Drew Edmondson, a Democrat who has accepted campaign contributions from the industry, said the suit alleged tobacco makers misled consumers about the health risks of smoking and manipulated nicotine levels to keep smokers hooked on cigarettes.
"Tobacco manufacturers have deliberately misled the public for years about the devastating impact their product has on the health of our people," he said.
"In the name of profits they have secretly manipulated nicotine levels."
The group's shares dipped as investors realised profits from the strong rise in the price since mid-July before staging a late recovery.
ING also warned that earnings growth would slow in the second half of 1996 to about 17 percent but bowed to market pressure by offering more details on the performance of Barings, the crisis-torn British merchant bank it bought last year
Former talk show host Morton Downey, Jr. who has contracted lung cancer, is planning to sue the tobacco industry and the Kansas City, Mo., law firm of Shook, Hardy &amp; Bacon, his lawyer said Thursday.
"He's very angry at the tobacco companies for not telling the truth about nicotine."
Gold drifted in sleepy trading on Thursday and was likely to remain listless ahead of a holiday weekend in Britain and Hong Kong, dealers said.
Overall growth is sluggish, manufacturing remains weak, retail sales suffered an unexpected setback in July and money supply growth -- often a pointer to future inflationary pressures -- is worryingly high.
British economy stable but haunted by spectre of past.
But there is a downside.
Many developing countries were also wary of lowering tariffs because their domestic information technology industries were still at an embryonic stage, Basilio said.
"There's a concern there," he told a news conference.
Senior Asia-Pacific officials said on Thursday they had rejected a U.S. proposal for a common stance on information technology trade liberalisation because they wanted more details.
Antonio Basilio of the Philippines, deputy chairman of an APEC senior officials' meeting in this southern Philippine city, said the U.S. proposal was too general and failed to detail specific product lines and a timeframe for tariff reductions.
The figures, which were unchanged from the previous official estimate, showed growth in gross domestic product (GDP) had been hampered by companies reducing stockpiles of unsold goods rather than stepping up production.
Some analysts said the market's downturn was closely linked to the slowdown of South Korea's economy, and could not be fixed by tinkering with trading regulations.
Yeltsin back in Moscow after short break - spokesman.
China has summoned Ukraine's ambassador in Beijing Anatoly Plyushko to lodge a protest over a visit to Kiev by Taiwan's Vice President Lien Chan, an embassy spokesman said on Thursday.
"The Chinese expressed displeasure over this action in Ukraine that this person from Taiwan has got permission to visit the country," the spokesman said.
Beijing has regarded Taiwan as a rebel province since the end of a civil war in 1949 and has sought to push the island into diplomatic isolation.
The new bid is aimed at derailing a $387 million cash offer made Monday by Chicago-based Manufactured Home Communities Inc., which is controlled by investor Samuel Zell.
Both offers appeared to leave Englewood, Colo.-based ROC Communities in the dust.
