Sayansk Aluminium chief executive Oleg Deripaska said on Friday 1996 primary aluminium output would be 327,000 tonnes.
Another senior official said the plant was working at 100 percent capacity and would continue to do so.
The company plans to increase aluminium output in the near future to 600,000 tonnes a year, a company statement said but did not give any exact timeframe.
Deripaska said the entire programme would cost $68 million for smelters and $48 million for additional plant upgrades, which company officials say they expect to finance with a combination of private investor, commercial bank and World Bank investments or credits.
Sayansk Aluminium sees 1996 output 327,000 tonnes.
India police raid tycoon's home in phone scandal.
Indian police said on Friday they raided the home of a company executive whose firm has been linked to a growing scandal involving the privatisation of the nation's telecommunications sector.
The raid followed a search of two homes belonging to former communications minister Sukh Ram during which police seized more than $1 million in cash and the arrest of a civil servant.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) said it raided on Thursday the home of Mahendra Nahata, chairman of Himachal Futuristic Communications Ltd (HFCL), a little-known firm that won lucrative licences earlier this year.
"Searches were conducted at his home," CBI spokesman S.M. Khan told Reuters.
"Some documents were seized and are being scrutinised."
Imperial Tobacco Group will split from conglomerate Hanson Plc on Oct. 1 as one of the most efficient players in its sector, but while its new chief talks of export-led growth, the outlook is clouded by the threat of litigation against tobacco firms.
Tobacco litigation fears cloud Imperial flotation.
But as the next big target -- 4,000 -- for the FTSE 100 index of Britain's leading companies comes into view, market strategists were questioning whether the surge is sustainable.
The latest push to shares came on Thursday from interest rate cuts across Europe in the wake of an easing in monetary policy by Germany's Bundesbank.
At 0730 GMT the dollar was at 1.4900 marks, half a pfennig off Thursday's European close of 1.4960.
On the yen it was little changed at 108.40 against Thursday's 108.46 with the focus firmly on dollar/mark.
Plans to offer fast access to the internet via conventional TV sets fitted with a decoder come in addition to home banking, home shopping and other interactive services, the reports said.
The services will be offered when BSkyB introduces its digital satellite television service in 1997, according to the Financial Times on Friday.
Zimbabwe civil servants press ahead with strike.
Thousands including junior state doctors, nurses, magistrates and mortuary attendants, emboldened by strong public support, said they would remain on the streets until their demands for wage rises of between 30 and 60 percent were met.
The strike is a rare challenge to President Robert Mugabe and his dominant ruling ZANU-PF party, both in power since 1980.
Some senior officials and MPs have broken ranks with the government to support the workers.
Others have insisted that the government could not afford to back down.
"Upgrading our airborne activities in France forms part of UPS' global strategy to meet the demands of overall growth of about 30 percent annually  in its international traffic in recent years."
UPS to start five French feeder flights.
United Parcel Service Inc of America, (UPS) said it will launch five, weekday feeder flights in France from September 10.
"Two of the flights will operate between our French hub at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and Nantes and Strasbourg while the other three will operate between Lyon-Satolas Airport and Bordeaux, Toulouse and Nice," UPS International Engineering manager for France, Owen Phillips, told Reuters.
Five two-tonne cargo capacity Beechcraft 1900 aircraft will operate on the new feeder routes, Phillips said
The aircraft are being leased from a French airline  whose identity UPS was not prepared to disclose, he added.
The Colorado mine is now a Superfund site.
Most of the people paid to see what was going on and got out early," one floor trader said.
The office of the Clerk of the Courts for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia normally closes at 5 p.m. EDT (2100 GMT).
But judges have the authority to order the clerks to stay and await a decision.
No action on Lloyd's ruling by late Friday.
A U.S. District Court judge had not announced by the regular close of business on Friday whether he would issue an injunction blocking the reorganization plan of financially strapped insurance market Lloyd's of London
The indictment alleged that three of Premium's top officers, Kenneth Thenen, 59, his son, Scott Thenen, 37, and Daniel Morris, 53, headed a massive fraud scheme that bilked investors of hundreds of millions of dollars and used the money to fund lavish lifestyles that included luxury homes, Lear jets, racing boats and jewelry
Yeltsin blesses Lebed bid for Chechnya peace.
Russian security chief Alexander Lebed pressed on with his plan to bring peace to Chechnya on Friday, armed at last with the public blessing of President Boris Yeltsin and his permission to seek a political solution.
Itar-Tass news agency reported that Lebed briefed Yeltsin late on Friday and the president gave the former paratroop general his approval to seek a political solution in talks with leaders of the Chechen separatist guerrillas.
President Bill Clinton, endorsing a plan broadening the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) powers, approved rules to curb teen smoking by restricting the sale and advertising of tobacco, the White House said on Friday.
Against a backdrop of election-year politics, Clinton publicly embraced a controversial plan that has been softened from a more stringent approach unveiled last August.
"The president has accepted and authorized" the FDA action after an internal administration review, White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry said.
The restrictions include limiting vending machine sales and curbing advertising aimed at young people.
McCurry said Clinton "in essence has accepted ... that cigarettes and smokeless tobacco are delivery devices" for nicotine, which the administration believes qualifies them to fall under the authority of the FDA.
Clinton approves FDA curbs on teen smoking.
Here is how major stock markets outside the United States ended Friday.
FRANKFURT - Stocks ended almost unchanged as a weaker dollar and softer German bonds weighed on trading sentiment.
Czech central bank committed to its crown band.
Czech National Bank (CNB) Governor Josef Tosovsky on Friday said the central bank was committed to keeping the crown strong, despite some calls to depreciate the currency to help exports.
Speaking after a meeting with Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus and top business executives, Tosovsky said the central bank would keep the crown within the current band against which it fixes the currency daily versus a mark/dollar basket.
"I said that we will try to keep the rate within the plus/minus 7.5 percent band (against the mark/dollar cross rate)," Tosovsky told reporters.
"I dismissed speculation that we would want to move the crown in some way outside the band," he added
German stocks close steady before weekend.
German equities ended on Friday almost unchanged from closing levels on Thursday, as a weaker dollar and softer German bonds weighed on trading sentiment.
"Sentiment is definitely warmer after the repo cut
We're not really going to see any kind of trend until Monday," said one Frankfurt trader.
But the ministry said Britain had always met its obligation not to send to other EU countries the calves of cows in which BSE was known or suspected.
Britain says it complied with Europe's BSE checks.
Britain on Friday denied a report that it had secretly avoided implementing European Union (EU) rules to stop mad cow disease spreading to the continent.
The Guardian newspaper said almost two million cattle were sold to Britain's EU partners without adequate controls to see if they had been born to cows infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad cow disease.
The paper alleged that the Ministry of Agriculture issued secret orders to its officials that they need carry out computer checks on only 10 percent of calves exported to the continent.
EU rules required 100 percent verification.
Turkey says Shell LNG deal move shows confidence.
"We have expressed our intention to the energy ministry to build an LNG terminal and a power generation unit with a total capacity of 2,000 MW," a statement from the company said.
"The first power unit will be of 650 to 700 MW capacity," the statement said
The building workers' union IG Bau and the two leading industry associations revealed a new agreement for a minimum hourly wage of 17 marks for west Germany and 15.64 marks for workers in the east -- considerably below levels they tried, but failed, to establish nationwide earlier this year.
In a statement, the union said it had agreed to compromise on a lower minimum wage because of the increasing urgency of getting legislation in place to ward off competition from low-paying foreign contractors.
"Both sides declared unanimously during the talks that there was an urgent need to act on a minimum wage
German building sector urges new minimum wage deal.
The German construction industry on Friday launched a fresh attempt to set a minimum wage for the sector and urged other industry groups not to block the initiative as they have in the past.
"I'm not going to comment at all on this report," Robert Francis of the National Transportation Safety Board said on NBC-TV's "Today" programme.
The New York Times reported in Friday's edition that traces of PETN, a chemical in plastic explosives, had been found in pieces of the wreckage pulled from the Atlantic Ocean off Long Island.
The newspaper cited as sources three senior officials deeply involved in the investigation who spoke on condition of anonymity.
TWA's Flight 800 from New York to Paris exploded and crashed on July 17.
Air crash investigator silent on explosives report.
The chief investigator of the crash of TWA Flight 800 refused on Friday to confirm a report in The New York Times that a trace of explosives had been found in the wreckage of the passenger cabin
Netanyahu targets illegal foreign workers.
The communique said the cabinet would take a "practical decision" next week.
But Ishai's plan was no blueprint for a mass exodus from Israel of workers from countries such as Romania, Thailand, Turkey and China who now do the low-paying manual labour of Palestinians barred from the Jewish state for security reasons.
The Beijing Municipal Higher People's Court sentenced Hong Yang, 44, a Chinese national, to five years in prison for accepting bribes totalling 100,000 yuan ($12,000) in 1993, the Xinhua news agency said.
"The sentence was dealt with leniently ... and according to law," Xinhua said, quoting the court.
Hong, a former employee of the People's Bank of China, or central bank, was arrested in December while on an IMF mission to China and was found guilty on June 28.
He was then sentenced to 10 years in jail, but appealed.
China cuts sentence of IMF staffer in graft trial.
A Chinese appeals court on Friday reduced to five years from 10 the sentence of an International Monetary Fund (IMF) staff member convicted of corruption
Nigeria, Africa's most populous country, relies on the two million barrels of crude oil it pumps every day for about 95 percent of export earnings.
Nigeria takes tough line with foreign oil firms.
Oil Minister Dan Etete told executives of the major companies in Lagos late on Thursday that rules would be strictly enforced to redress the perceived imbalance.
Icahn said he and his companies bought the stock "for investment since they believe that the shares are undervalued."
Icahn lifts RJR stake, repeats spin-off call.
Investor Carl Icahn said Thursday he raised his stake in RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp. to 5.8 percent and repeated his call for an immediate spin-off of its Nabisco Holdings Corp. food unit.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Icahn said he and his companies bought 1.27 million additional shares of the tobacco and food company between Aug. 12 and 22 at prices ranging from $25.25 to $28.625 a share
That raised his stake to 15.9 million, which were purchased for a total of $489.3 million, according to the filing
He previously held about a 4.8 percent stake
He's got a sore throat," brother Noel Gallagher told the selected audience at the Royal Festival Hall in London.
British rock band Oasis plays secret concert.
Just a week after performing in front of 250,000 at one of Britain's largest rock events, superstars Oasis played for a select few at a top secret concert.
Four hundred excited fans who had won tickets for Friday's intimate concert sat on the edge of their seats ready to hear the British band, often described as the Beatles of the nineties, perform their chart-topping favourties.
Instead, he watched the show from a private box.
"Liam is not going to be with us tonight
"We will continue to fight for and to safeguard the quality, distinctiveness and independence of the World Service and all our global journalism," he said in a speech.
"And it is extraordinary that anyone should suggest otherwise," he added.
Birt vows to safeguard BBC World Service.
BBC Director General John Birt vowed on Friday to safeguard the corporation's much-praised World Service.
London October futures for the international benchmark Brent Blend of crude were trading in London at around $20.60 per barrel.
They cited stronger-than-expected demand growth for oil products this year from China, other Asian nations, Latin America and the United States.
Closing stock market indices.
Here is how major stock markets outside the United States ended on Friday.
FRANKFURT - Equities ended almost unchanged from closing levels on Thursday as a weaker dollar and softer German bonds weighed on trading sentiment.
The first dividend at the higher rate will be payable Sept 13 to shareholders of record on Sept 6.
The increase is the fourth in the past four years, and makes the new annual dividend $1.52 per share, compared to the previous $1.36.
The Palestinian Journalists Syndicate in Gaza, which called the boycott, ended it after the man's commander arrested him.
The member of the elite Force 17 unit had stopped a Reuters Television crew and a World Television News man about 100 metres (yards) from Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's office on Saturday morning and made them sit in the sun for 30 minutes.
The jury at Marion County Superior Court found for R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Liggett Group Inc., Philip Morris Inc. and The American Tobacco Co., now owned by Brown &amp; Williamson, a unit of B.A.T Industries Plc.
RJR Nabisco Holdings Corp is the parent company of R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. Liggett is a subsidiary of Brooke Group Ltd..
The suit was filed by the widow and three children of Richard Rogers, an Indianapolis lawyer who died at the age of 52 in 1987.
BBC Director-General John Birt said on Friday that the television licence fee should be increased above the level of inflation to protect what he called "the most successful cultural institution in the world".
Speaking at the Edinburgh International Television Festival, Birt said the first increase in real terms since 1985 was needed to help fund an expansion of services in the digital era.
Polish venture starts to assemble Hyundai cars.
A joint-venture of Polish trader PHZ Universal SA and South Korea's Hyundai has started to assemble Hyundai cars, Zycie Warszawy daily said on Saturday
It said the company started to assemble the Accent family car model on Friday from kits supplied by Hyundai and that it would make some 1,500 cars this year.
It said the price of the Polish-made Accent would remain unchanged at 34,000 to 46,0000 zlotys
Earlier this month Poland's Industry Ministry gave Universal the go-ahead to begin production of 15,000 Hyundai cars annually
The prime minister was also scheduled to visit the nearby Itaipu hydroelectric plant before departing for Brazil's financial and industrial center of Sao Paulo, home to most of the 1.3 million Brazilians of Japanese descent.
Hashimoto, who flew in from Chile, was on a 10-day tour of Latin America to promote trade and investment with a region still viewed cautiously by Japanese investors
Japan's Hashimoto opens Brazil visit with tours.
Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto arrived in Brazil on Saturday to boost trade with Latin America's biggest economy and reaffirm ties with the world's largest Japanese community outside Japan.
Hashimoto began his three-day official visit with a bit of sight-seeing, stopping first in Southern Brazil at the spectacular Iguazu Falls, where some 300 waterfalls cascade over a 1,000-foot (300 meter) wide precipice at the border with Argentina and Paraguay.
"He has wanted to see the falls for quite sometime," said a senior Japanese diplomat.
China city to curb fees on overseas investors.
Authorities in the booming capital of Guangdong province would cancel many charges levied on foreign firms and cut back on others to try to boost foreign investment, the agency said.
Government departments in Guangzhou currently charged overseas-funded companies 228 kinds of fees, collecting 2.796 billion yuan ($337 million) a year -- more than three times the total in 1989, it said.
Taiwan's economics minister Wang Chih-kang said on Saturday he would do his best to bring the island's economic growth to 6.0 percent this year, despite a pessimistic forecast by the statistics bureau
Wang was quoted by the state-funded Central News Agency as saying his ministry would try to revive the slow economy by promoting new investment projects totalling T$7.0 billion to bring the whole year economic growth to 6.0 percent.
Taiwan minister vows to bring 1996 GDP to 6.0 pct.
The British colony reverts to China at midnight on June 30, 1997.
GM German unit sets up China auto office.
Adam Opel AG, the German subsidiary of U.S. giant General Motors, has set up an office in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou, the China Daily newspaper said on Saturday.
Opel was trying to take advantage of the undeveloped automobile industry in Guangzhou and would focus on seeking opportunities to produce vehicles and components in the booming south, the newspaper quoted company officials as saying.
"People are playing close attention to Guangzhou to see who will succeed in persuading Peugot to give up its interest in the venture," it said.
The Guangzhou Peugeot Automobile Co, which went into production in 1986, was able to produce and sell only several thousand cars a year, it said.
Malaysia's national electricity company Tenaga Nasional Bhd will give its customers rebates of 80 million to 100 million ringgit in compensation for a peninsula-wide August 3 blackout, the Business Times said on Saturday.
The newspaper, quoting industry sources, said the amount was arrived at after considering the losses to industry during the 12-15-hour blackout.
The Federation of Malaysian Manufacturers has estimated the blackout over Peninsular Malaysia cost its members some 123 million ringgit in lost production.
Disbursement of the rebates would be spread over a month or so, the newspaper's sources said.
Malaysia Tenaga to offer rebates after blackout.
China's lawmakers have drafted a bill to curb corruption in the chaotic construction industry and upgrade safety and quality, the People's Daily newspaper said on Saturday.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, or parliament, was expected to pass the bill during a week-long session that started on Friday, the newspaper said.
"There is hope that the chaotic situation in our nation's construction market will come under legal control," it said.
China law to fight graft in construction business.
The new bill was expected to be passed in a seven-day session of the parliament's Standing Committee that began on Friday, it said.
China parliament to legislate on mineral rights.
China's parliament is expected to legislate in the next week to end confusion over mineral rights ownership, the official China Daily newspaper said on Saturday.
A law on mineral resources to be passed by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, or parliament, would make clear that all such resources belonged to the Chinese state through the State Council, the newspaper said.
In the current law, state ownership is only vaguely referred to, prompting local authorities to assume they could control mineral resource development without the guidance of the State Council, China's cabinet, it said.
In the first half, the company said it produced 8,333 vehicles and sold 9,018, but it did not explain the difference.
Jackson visited the city, Morocco's financial centre, on his return from South Africa last month and said he wanted to perform there because it reminded him of the Hollywood movie Casablanca.
A live televised broadcast of Jackson's show to the United States had also been planned by the Moroccan organisers, the television added.
He said that Kramer had written him asking him to be a named plaintiff in a class action suit.
Downey denies he filing tobacco suit.
Talk show host Morton Downey Jr., who recently underwent surgery for lung cancer, on Saturday denied a lawyer's statement that he planned to sue the tobacco industry for his illness.
Steven Kramer, a New York City personal injury lawyer who has filed several cases against the industry, said last week that Downey was one of his clients and that he was preparing a tobacco suit on Downey's behalf.
Volkswagen says east German subsidies legal -paper.
Europe's leading car-maker Volkswagen AG insists the hotly debated subsidies it received to invest in former communist east Germany were legal, the Financial Times said in its weekend edition.
The newspaper quoted Volkswagen chairman Ferdinand Piech as saying the group was convinced the funds were legal and would stick to its investment plans in the state of Saxony.
Piech said: "We received it (the investment) legally and because we did so, we will invest it correctly.
We had the choice of any location: without support, it would not have been this one."
It produced 454,671 two-wheelers and 58,576 three-wheelers against 361,004 and 45,107 respectively in the same period of 1995/96, it said.
The feisty Spaniard spotted doubles partner and No. 3 seed Jana Novotna a one-set lead before bouncing the Czech star 1-6 6-2 6-3.
Sanchez Vicario will meet No. 4 Kimiko Date, who surprised defending champion Conchita Martinez of Spain 6-2 7-5, in Sunday morning's title match worth $80,000 to the winner of the final hardcoourt tuneup event before next week's U.S. Open in New York.
"Seems like I was still sleeping and then the alarm said, 'OK, hold on a second, wake up.' That's when I woke up," she laughed.
"I definitely don't like to play at nine or 10 o'clock.
Top-seeded Arantxa Sanchez nearly missed her wake up call but recovered in time to gain the final of the $450,000 Toshiba Classic on Saturday.
TENNIS-SANCHEZ GETS LATE WAKEUP CALL TO MOVE INTO FINAL.
Damm, seeking his first ATP Tournament victory, eliminated unseeded Adrian Voinea of Romania who played most of the match with a taped sprained ankle 5-7 7-5 7-5
Medvedev beat unseeded Karol Kucera, Slovakia, 7-6 (7-0) 6-3
Martin Damm (Czech Republic) beat Adrian Voinea (Romania) 5-7
Andrei Medvedev (Ukraine) beat Karol Kucera (Slovakia) 7-6
Results from the Waldbaum Hamlet Cup tennis tournament on Saturday (prefix number denotes seeding):
About 350 athletes from nine countries set out on a 323-mile (517 km) climbing, rafting, biking and running endurance race thorugh the Canadian wilderness on Saturday.
The event, called the Eco-Challenge, is part of a growing sport known as adventure racing in which competitors test their limits for days over a perilous wilderness course.
The Eco-Challenge has been staged twice before -- in Utah and Maine last year -- and is modelled on similar races overseas.
The 70 teams in this year's race will will trek glaciers, climb mountains, whitewater raft, horseback ride, canoe and mountain bike on the gruelling course.
The location of this year's race was keep a secret until Friday evening.
ATHLETICS-MULTI-DISCIPLINE WILDERNESS RACE BEGINS.
The explosion, in a beer can left in a cardboard waste receptacle, occurred at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT), 35 minutes after the last pairing of the day had teed off and the thousands of spectators had moved on
Witnesses reported seeing two young men toss cans into the receptacle just before the blast.
Terry Livers, Akron's deputy chief of police and a tournament volunteer, said: "A homemade fireworks device was placed and detonated in a waste receptacle on the slope by the first tee
The beer can was shredded by the explosion, and by the powder residue we know it was a fuse device, not a pipe bomb.
After being fined $250,000 by the sports governing body on Tuesday, the British driver rolled his Subaru 6.5 km into stage six.
RALLYING-KANKKUNEN IN COMMAND AS MCRAE ROLLS OUT.
MOTOR RACING-VILLENEUVE GIVES HILL MUCH TO PONDER.
Double world champion Michael Schumacher of Germany, who is too far behind to play a part in this year's championship contest, returned to action in his Ferrari after his crash on Friday morning and clocked the third fastest time behind Hill.
The unnamed victim died during the night, a hospital spokesman said on Saturday.
Danish driver Karsten Richardt had ploughed into the crowd during the two-kilometre first stage held in the host city of Jyvaskyla.
Richardt's Mitsubishi skidded down an escape road and ploughed into a cordoned-off area for spectators.
RALLYING-BELGIAN SPECTATOR DIES IN FINNISH RALLY.
Tiger Woods advanced to the semifinals of the U.S. Amateur Golf Championship in Cornelius, Oregon, when he bettered D.A. Points, 3 and 2, in a quarterfinal match at the Pumpkin Ridge Golf Club on Friday.
Woods, in search of an unprecedented third straight U.S. Amateur title, set up a meeting with Stanford University teammate Joel Kribelm, who had to go to an extra hole before getting by Duke Delcher.
The other semifinal pits Robert Floyd, the son of Senior PGA Tour mainstay Raymond Floyd, and Steve Scott.
Floyd closed out Bryan Novoa by getting 2 up.
Third-seed Novotna of the Czech Republic rallied past
Sandrine Testud of France 2-6 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 in a two-hour,
35-minute match.
Earlier, fourth-seed Kimiko Date of Japan dismissed a
lethargic Argentine Gabriela Sabatini, seeded fifth, 6-4 6-1
on the hard courts, setting up the other semifinal with
defending champion Conchita Martinez of Spain.
TENNIS-SANCHEZ VICARIO-NOVOTNA FACE OFF IN SEMIFINALS.
Sanchez Vicario of Spain and doubles partner Jana Novotna will
clash in the semifinals at the $450,000 Toshiba Classic.
Sanchez Vicario combined an effective serve, firing in
seven aces, with her signature baseline game to ease past
unseeded Katarina Studenikova of Slovakia 6-3 6-3 on Friday.
Unseeded Karol Kucera of Slovakia, ranked 86th in the world, upset top-seed  Michael Chang of the United States 6-4 6-4 to reach the semifinals of
the Hamlet Cup tournament on Friday.
TENNIS-KUCERA UPSETS CHANG.
Adrian Voinea (Romania) beat Thomas Johansson (Sweden)
Andrei Medvedev (Ukraine) beat Jonathan Stark (U.S.)
Karol Kucera (Slovakia) beat 1-Michael Chang (U.S.)
The 38 players are schedeled to resume their rounds on Saturday morning before the third round begins.
We haven't started yet
CRICKET-ESSEX POISED TO STEP UP TITLE CHALLENGE.
Essex are set to step up their English county championship challenge with a fifth consecutive victory after new-ball pair Neil Williams and Mark Ilott sent Gloucestershire reeling on Saturday.
Williams seized two wickets in two deliveries and left-armer Ilott also captured two as Gloucestershire, 252 behind on first innings, slumped to 27 for four at the close on the third day of the four-day game at Colchester.
Williams thrust Essex on course for success by dispatching Matt Windows and Andrew Symonds in his second over, before Ilott removed Dominic Hewson and Tim Hancock to reduce Gloucestershire to 17 for four at one stage.
The visitors had started the day optimistically by sending back former England captain Graham Gooch when he added just six to his overnight 105, but Essex went on to make 532 for eight before declaring.
Torrential rain and two quick wickets held up Pakistan's efforts to bat England out of contention in the third and final test at the Oval on Saturday.
The touring team had resumed after lunch on 318 for two but England gained some much-needed breathing space by removing both Saeed Anwar and Inzamam-ul-Haq with the score on 334.
He had reached 176 in 379 minutes with 26 fours when he mistimed a pull-shot against Dominic Cork and skied a catch to Robert Croft at mid-on.
Pakistan tightened the screws on England on the third day of the final test at The Oval on Saturday as opener Saeed Anwar moved relentlessly towards the first double century of his test career.
Adopting a more restrained approach than on the previous evening, the Pakistanis added another 89 runs in the morning session to reach 318 for two at lunch, a deficit of just eight runs
Anwar was unbeaten on 169 and Inzamam-ul-Haq 30 not out.
The left-hander has already equalled his previous test best against New Zealand in Wellington in 1993-94 and looks well capable of becoming the sixth Pakistan batsman to score a double hundred against England.
England's bowlers did at least find a better line in the first hour, conceding only 25 runs and removing the prolific Ijaz Ahmed for 61.
The Pakistan number three, who has failed to pass 50 just once in the series, had added three to his overnight score when he edged a widish delivery from Alan Mullally to Alec Stewart behind the stumps.
Martin defeated compatriot Alex O'Brien 6-4 6-4 Friday.
Ferreira, 24, has made the quarterfinals or better in all five events he's played since Wimbledon.
"That's the kind of consistency I've been looking for," he said.
TENNIS-FERREIRA ADVANCES TO CANADIAN OPEN SEMIFINALS.
Third-seeded Wayne Ferreira of South Africa won a 7-5 6-2 baseline battle with third-seeded Thomas Enqvist of Sweden in the quarterfinals of the $2 million Canadian Open on Friday.
Ferreira, ranked 10th in the world, plays seventh-seeded Todd Martin of the United States in one of Saturday's semifinals.
Two tries from wing Jeff Wilson in the first quarter gave New Zealand a 24-11 lead before tries from flanker Ruben Kruger and scrum-half Joost van der Westhuizen in the space of two minutes narrowed the gap to a single point at 23-24.
The central North Island's Taranaki side, newly promoted to the first division and without their inspirational captain and All Black prop Mark Allen, had not won a match in seven outings this season.
But they took advantage of an Auckland side missing several key players who are in South Africa with the All Blacks to claim their first shield since 1963.
In a thrilling match which saw the lead change several times, both teams scored five tries
For Taranaki, who led 18-15 at halftime, inside centre Dean Magon touched down three times in the second half, with flyhalf Jamie Cameron and fullback Daryl Lilley kicking 17 points between them.
The Gins set the tone for the match early when they raced to a 23-point lead in the first quarter against a Shell team weakened by the absence of injured team captain Benjie Paras and point guard Ronnie Magsanoc.
In the second game, Alaska beat Purefoods Hotdogs 103-95 in overtime.
The Milkmen finished the semifinal round with a 14-4 win-loss card, while Ginebra wound up with 12-6 and Shell 10-8.
BASKETBALL-GINEBRA MAUL SHELL IN PBA.
Ginebra San Miguel routed Formula Shell 120-103 on Friday evening at the close of the semifinal round of the Philippine Basketball Association second conference.
The two teams will meet again in a playoff on Sunday to decide which of them will face early finalist Alaska Milk in a best-of-seven series for the title.
Ginebra San Miguel beat Shell
Results of semi-final round games on Friday in the Philippine Basketball Association second conference, which includes American players:
Alaska Milk beat Purefoods Hotdogs
Internet Startup funded to develop Java software.
A small team of engineers from Sun Microsystems Inc.'s JavaSoft unit said Sunday they have formed a new company, dubbed Internet Startup, to build Java infrastructure software.
The fledgling company, established in a ground-floor office here over the last two weeks, has received venture financing from Bessemer Venture Partners of Menlo Park, Calif..
David Cowan, Internet Startup founder and acting chief executive, is a general partner of Bessemer
The startup company's acting chairman is Jim Bidzos, the president of RSA Data Security, a unit of Security Dynamics Technologies Inc. as well as chairman of  VeriSign.
Internet Startup, which opened its doors with about half a dozen initial employees, combines experience at JavaSoft, Apple Computer Inc., and Oracle Systems.
Marlon Brando and Val Kilmer star in the third big-screen adaptation of the H.G. Wells science-fiction novel, a troubled project that saw the firing of one director and the departure of one of the stars
The movie is released by New Line Cinema, a unit of Ted Turner's Turner Broadcasting System Inc.
Slipping to second place for the Friday to Sunday period was "Tin Cup" with $8.8 million, according to Exhibitor Relations Co.
U.S. Tobacco verdict seen as skirmish in big war.
The plan includes a 3.2 billion pound ($five billion) offer to soften the cost to Names of Equitas and end litigation.
Lloyd's moves to ward off doubts on recovery.
Lloyd's of London tried on Sunday to ward off doubts about the success of its recovery plan, announcing that 75 percent of its investors worldwide had already accepted the proposals.
Lloyd's gave its 34,000 investors -- called Names -- until Wednesday this week to decide whether to accept or reject the recovery plan, under which it hopes to reinsure billions of pounds in liabilities into a new company called Equitas.
Bass buys Allied's Carlsberg-Tetley
Bass Plc said on Sunday that it has bought Allied Domecq Plc's interests in Carlsberg-Tetley for 200 million stg in cash.
It said the purchase includes Allied Domecq's 50 percent share of Carslberg-Tetley as well as their beer brands.
Bass added that it has agreed with Carslberg A/S to merge Carlsberg-Tetley and Bass Brewers, conditional on regulatory approval.
Assuming the merger is completed, Bass expects within three years to achieve annual cost savings of 90 million stg, with additional one-off cash costs of 75 million stg.
The brewer said the transaction should be earnings enhancing before exceptional charges in the year to end September 1997.
Phil Mickelson birdied two of the last three holes to win World Series of Golf by three strokes over Billy Mayfair on Sunday.
It was the fourth tournament title this year for Mickelson, who shot an even-par 70, after being tied for the lead with Billy Mayfair with three holes to play.
Along with Mayfiar at 277 for the tournament were Steve Stricker, who had a 68, and Duffy Waldorf, with a 66.
The company, which manages Web sites for large corporate customers, also plans to sign up hundreds of thousands of small businesses to use the service whether they own computers or not, sources close to the company said.
In this "community" Internet service, neighbourhood businesses such as pizza parlours would contract with Computer Associates to establish an Internet presence, allowing customers to call up a shop's Web site to place an order.
Currently, a company wishing to establish itself on the the Internet is confronted with a maze of separate vendors from which they must buy the necessary hardware, software and consultanting services to put together the disparate elements.
Computer Associates to form one-stop Internet shop.
Thyret declined immediate comment on specific details but industry sources told the Los Angeles Times that Warner signed a five-album contract worth an estimated $80 million.
The deal eclipses pop singer Janet Jackson's estimated $70 million contract with Virgin Records, signed in January.
Warner
R.E.M. signs recording contract with Warner Bros.
Warner Bros. Records said on Sunday it signed a contract with rock band R.E.M., reportedly worth $80 million, the largest recording contract in history.
"Yes, we have signed a new contract with R.E.M.," Warner Bros. Records Chairman Russ Thyret told Reuters.
Bonn suggests compromise in EU row over VW funds.
German Economics Minister Guenter Rexrodt has suggested temporarily freezing controversial east German subsidies to car giant Volkswagen AG to help settle a row with the European Commission.
In an interview to be published in this week's Der Spiegel magazine, Rexrodt said he supported Volkswagen's case but said a temporary freeze of the disputed funds pending a European court ruling could form the basis for compromise
"But that will not work without the support of the receiver of the payment
VW has not yet warmed to an idea like this," Rexrodt cautioned.
A BSkyB executive has confirmed that the satellite broadcaster plans to offer access to the Internet via conventional television sets when it launches digital services in Britain next year.
"My understanding is that versions of Internet access will be available," David Elstein, head of programming at BSkyB, said in an interview.
"The important point is that only 15 percent of UK homes have PCs (personal computers) and almost 100 percent have TVs," he said at the Edinburgh International Television Festival.
BSkyB aims to offer Internet access via TV.
The paper noted that, despite BA's interest in buying 747-400s, the British carrier was resisting suggestions that it be a launch customer for Boeing's 747-600 super jumbo which is due to be launched at next week's Farnborough, England airshow.
According to the Sunday Times, one of BA's immediate areas of focus was the need to upgrade its fleet.
BA close to $4 billion Boeing order - paper.
The Sunday Times newspaper said on Sunday that British Airways Plc was close to announcing an order for up to 30 Boeing Co. aircraft worth nearly $4 billion.
The order was mainly for 747-400 jumbo jets powered by engines produces by Rolls-Royce, the article added
A spokesman for BA declined to comment on the newspaper report.
Bass braced for MMC probe in Carlsberg-Tetley deal.
British brewing giant Bass has struck a complex deal giving it control of Carlsberg-Tetley, the brewing venture owned by Allied Domecq and Denmark's Carlsberg.
Bass has paid 200 million pounds for Allied Domecq's 50 percent stake in the venture.
Carlsberg will have a 20 percent interest in the combined Bass Brewers and Carlsberg-Tetley.
U.S. district judge Robert Payne in Virginia ordered the 300-year-old insurance market late on Friday night to make more information available to American Names by September 23.
Lloyd's has set a Wednesday deadline for its 33,500 investors worldwide -- called Names -- to accept or reject its recovery plan.
Payne's ruling did not prevent U.S. Names from accepting the plan, but those who chose to wait could pay funds into an escrow account no later than September 30 and would have until October 30 to accept or not.
Lloyd's says 75 pct of Names accept recovery plan.
UK dismisses report former royal estates for sale.
The British Treasury on Sunday described as pure speculation" a report saying the government was planning a huge stock market flotation of the Crown Estate, the property which once belonged to the British monarch.
The Sunday Business newspaper said Britain's Queen Elizabeth would receive one billion pounds ($1.5 billion) as part of the six billion pound ($14 billion) deal.
The fate of the Crown Estate has been under discussion since it was announced last week that the Queen was studying plans for a radical shake-up of monarchy, which is reeling from a series of messy scandals and divorces.
The Crown Estate, which includes land across the British countryside as well as lucrative areas in London, was surrendered to the government by George 111 in 1760 in exchange for a fixed annual income.
There has been speculation that the monarchy would get these estates back in return for renouncing the state subsidies which are now provided to cover expenses
"We've tried to keep the regulator informed all the way through this deal," said Napier.
Bass steeled for regulatory haul.
British brewer Bass has steeled itself for the possibility of a long haul to obtain the regulatory approval needed for a complex deal giving it control of Carlsberg-Tetley, the brewing venture owned by Allied Domecq and Denmark's Carlsberg.
"We are prepared for a long haul to do that," Bass Brewers' chief Iain Napier told Reuters, commenting on what would happen if the deal went to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (MMC).
Whitbread says Bass referral likely.
Whitbread said on Sunday that the purchase by Bass of Carlsberg-Tetley would probably have to be referred to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission (MMC).
"It would seem likely that this deal will have to be referred to the MMC based purely on the size of the new company and its market share to ensure a fair and competitive enivronment," said Whitbread in a statement.
The quiet town of Dunblane became a focus of world media attention give months ago when grudge-bearing loner Thomas Hamilton went berserk with guns at an entire class assembled in a school gymnasium.
British TV seeks to learn from Dunblane massacre.
A community leader from the Scottish town of Dunblane, where a gunman massacred 16 children and their teacher last March, urged news media on Sunday against trampling local feelings underfoot when covering such a story.
Bass/Allied agree new beer terms.
Allied Domecq Plc said on Sunday that it has agreed new beer supply terms with Bass Plc.
Existing beer supply agreements between Carlsberg-Tetley and Allied Domecq Retailing will continue on their current basis until December 12 1997, Allied said
After that, ADR will be free to buy its beer from any supplier at commercial rates.
Allied said 63 million stg of the proceeds from the sale of its stake in Carlsberg-Tetley to Bass will be used in the  
balance sheet as a provision for uneconomic beer supply.
Caribbean gaiety in rain at London street carnival.
The largest street party in Europe, London's black community-sponsored Notting Hill Carnival expected to attract two million visitors, opened on Sunday with crowds ignoring mid-summer rainshowers.
The two-day annual festival, which Britons hail as second only in the world after the Rio carnival, is best known for colourful dancing troupes and floats carrying Caribbean steel bands which compete to make the most noise
A number of European bands will play at this year's multi-cultural mix, which is dominated by West Indian migrants who settled in Notting Hill from the 1950s.
Police reported no trouble during the opening hours of the event, once a byword for violence and drugs abuse.
Below are highlighted brewing analysts most commonly cited reasons for Allied's withdrawal.
operating profits of 52 million stg for the year to August 19 1995 and market share of 16 percent against consensus forecast of 100 million stg in trading profit and an 18 percent share when the C-T joint venture was formed in 1993.
the Allied retail division is currently paying 25 to 30 stg a barrel more for beer from C-T than it could get in the market.
Why Allied wants out of C-T - analysts.
Bass, Carlsberg-Tetley key facts.
Carlsberg-Tetley, jointly owned by Allied Domecq and Danish brewer Carlsberg A/S, is in direct competition with Bass on a number of mainstream lager brands and the merger creates significant overlaps in brewing.
Below are key facts on the companies brands, brewing assets, management and market share.
Bass -- beer brands Carling Black Label (Britain's leading draft lager), Tennent's Lager, Bass, Caffrey's Irish Ale, Grolsch, Worthington's, Carling Premier, Hooper's Hooch, Stone's Bitter, Tennent's Super.
The brewer said the transaction should be earnings enhancing before exceptional charges in the year to end September 1997.
Bass buys Allied's stake in Carlsberg-Tetley.
British brewing giant Bass said on Sunday it had bought Allied Domecq's stake in Carlsberg-Tetley for 200 million pounds ($310 million).
The purchase includes Allied Domecq's 50 percent share of Carlsberg-Tetley as well as their beer brands.
Bass added it is to merge Carlsberg-Tetley and Bass Brewers, conditional on regulatory approval.
Assuming the merger is completed, Bass expects within three years to achieve annual cost savings of 90 million pounds, with additional one-off cash costs of 75 million pounds.
Canada auto union supports strong strike mandate.
The Canadian Auto Workers union (CAW) said on Sunday its members employed by the Big Three North American carmakers voted overwhelmingly to give union leadership the authority to call a strike to back contract demands.
The CAW said members at Ford Motor Co.'s Canadian subsidiary voted 96.65 percent in favor of a strike mandate
Chrysler Corp. members voted 93.79 percent in favor of a strike.
CAW members at General Motors Corp.'s Canadian unit voted 92.38 percent in favor of possibly taking strike action.
The demonstrators, said by police to number 6,000, also urged the release of Nadarajah Muralidaran, Swiss-based leader of the the Tamil Tiger guerrillas, who has been held in a Zurich jail since April on charges of extortion
The demonstrators delivered an appeal to the U.N. human rights centre demanding an immediate end to "state terrorism" against Tamils and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE).
Tamils demonstrate outside U.N. headquarters.
Thousands of Tamils demonstrated outside the United Nations' European headquarters in Geneva on Monday to appeal for U.N. recognition of their fight for independence from Sri Lanka
Amserv CEO resigns as Director after Star merger.
Eugene Mora said Monday he has resigned as  director of Amserv Healthcare Inc, though he remains its president and chief executive,  after the company consummated its merger with Star Multi Care  Services Inc.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Mora said he resigned at the request Amserv and in accordance with the February 9 merger plan between the two companies.
Following completion of the deal on August 23, Amserv, a La Jolla, Calif., provider of health services that operates in New Jersey and Ohio, became a unit of Star
In the merger, each outstanding Amserv share was converted into the right to receive 0.4090 share of Star's common stock, representing a ratio of one common share of Star for each 2.445 Amserv common shares, according to the filing.
Bratsk Aluminium, Russia's biggest aluminium smelter, expects its output this year to be 770,000-780,000 tonnes after 772,500 tonnes in 1995, chief executive Boris Gromov said on Monday.
Gromov said the expansion in output would cost about 50 billion roubles (corrects from 500 billion roubles) over three years and that expansion had already begun, funded from the company's cash-flow.
Lima shares end up overall on second-tier buys.
Mellon to acquire First United Leasing.
Mellon Bank Corp said on Monday it would acquire First United Leasing Corp by the early fourth quarter.
The deal, expected to simutaneously add $150 million to Mellon's (Corrects from First United's) assets as well as increase its total leasing portfolio, was reached through definitive agreement, becoming Mellon's second acquisition announcement this month.
Both acquisitions would bring an estimated $2.3 billion to Mellon's coffers.
First United Leasing is a Chicago-based vendor leasing company and Mellon Bank is a financial service company headquartered in Pittsburgh.
WorldCom to acquire MFS for $14 billion.
WorldCom Inc. said Monday it will acquire MFS Communications Co. Inc. in a stock swap worth about $14 billion, creating a giant international business communications company.
The merged company will have current annualized revenue of about $5.4 billion, with more than 500,000 business customers throughout North America, Europe and Asia.
It will have an end-to-end fiber optic network with 25,000 miles of fiber in service or under construction connecting all major metropolitan areas in the United States.
"We are creating the first company since the breakup of AT&amp;T to bundle together local and long distance services carried over an international end-to-end fiber network owned or controlled by a single company," said Bernard J. Ebbers, president and CEO of WorldCom.
Netscape said it will have a major stake in the new company, Navio Communications Inc., which a spokeswoman said already has 50 employees and is "growing rapidly.
Netscape declined to elaborate on the other seven investors or on the size of individual investments.
Netscape, others launch Internet affiliate.
Netscape Communications Corp. said Monday it formed a new company with other investors to develop software to help bring the Internet to consumers using telephones, video games and pagers.
The announcement is the latest development in the battle between Netscape, which makes popular software to browse the World Wide Web, and Microsoft Corp., as they race to make their systems the standard for the Internet.
Jim Clark, the entrepreneur who co-founded Netscape and serves as its chairman, said the new business aims to address a market with as many as 500 million of the new devices over the next five years.
Japan's Hashimoto bears gifts for Brazil.
Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto met Brazil's President Fernando Henrique Cardoso on Monday, bearing gifts in the form of $510 million for environmental projects, officials said.
Hashimoto's spokesman said on Sunday that multilateral issues, such as reform of the United Nations and progress on a Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, might also be raised.
After their 1-1/2 hour talks on Monday, Cardoso and Hashimoto were to preside over the signing of $510 million in Japanese Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund (OECF) financing for four environmental projects in Brazil.
They included programmes in the states of Parana and Santa Catarina, a project to clean the Bay of All Saints in Salvador in Brazil's northeast and a wind-powered energy project in the northern state of Ceara.
John Tuccillo, chief economist for the Realtors' association, said some falloff in sales was normal after the extraordinarily brisk rate of business earlier in the year.
Nonetheless, the drop in July sales was not as sharp as anticipated by Wall Street economists, who had forecast sales of existing homes would drop to a rate of 4.10 million a year last month.
Respironics Inc. said Monday it signed a definitive agreement to buy Colorado-based Lifecare International Inc. for $50 million.
Both companies make respiratory therapy products.
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 1996, Lifecare had revenues of $33.1 million, Respironics said.
Respironics said it will finance the acquisition principally from proceeds of its recent stock offering.
The deal is expected to be completed in October, the company said
Respironics to buy Lifecare International for $50 mln
Saxony premier Kurt Biedenkopf decided to hand over all the money anyway, because he said 23,000 jobs depended on it.
"I believe VW has a right to this money, and that the two plants must be built in Mosel and Chemnitz," Rexrodt told German television.
To compensate, it pledged to cut its spending budget for the rest of the year by 190 million marks, or three percent, as well as removing five aircraft from service and trimming staff accordingly.
At the time both men were army generals.
However, Chun was cleared of a separate charge of murder in connection with an army massacre in 1980 of pro-democracy protesters in the southern city of Kwangju
FRANKFURT - German equities almost unchanged from Friday's closing price at the end of a listless session of bourse trade, having traded in a range of less than seven points over the morning
Closing stock market indices.
Here is how major stock markets outside the United States ended on Monday.
LONDON - The London stock market is closed for a public holiday today
Barry Diller's Silver King buys Home Shopping Network.
Silver King Communications Inc. agreed Monday to buy the Home Shopping Network (HSN) for about $1.3 billion in stock, feeding speculation that Barry Diller was getting set to launch another major television network.
Diller, who is chairman of both Silver King and Home Shopping, could be positioning his companies to compete head on with ABC, NBC, CBS and Fox, whose launch Diller spearheaded in the 1980s, industry analysts said.
The deal would reunite Silver King, which owns 12 TV stations spun off in 1992 by HSN, with its old parent.
Diller, widely known in Hollywood for leading the launch of Fox, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., had already announced plans to drop HSN programming from Silver King's stations and replace it with a traditional mix of locally oriented news, sports and other shows
"We have a long agenda," Diller said in an interview
Peace process to move in coming weeks - Netanyahu.
Foreign Minister David Levy suggested Netanyahu should meet Palestinian President Yasser Arafat "soon".
Netanyahu was speaking after meeting visiting Japanese Foreign Minister Yukihiko Ikeda, who urged Israel's right-wing government to revive Middle East peacemaking, dangling the prospect of closer economic ties with Tokyo as a reward.
"We reiterated our commitment to pursue peace, both on the Palestinian track -- in which I expect progress in the coming weeks -- and on the Syrian track, in which we reissued our invitation to Syria to resume the talks," Netanyahu told a joint news conference.
AT&amp;T's WorldNet offers America Online.
AT&amp;T Corp. said Monday it would offer access to America Online Inc., the world's most popular consumer online service, on its WorldNet service.
AT&amp;T said the service will cost 20 percent less than if customers use the telecommunication giant's standard dial-up access rate.
AT&amp;T WorldNet customers will receive 15 hours of free usage under America Online's one-month trial offer and can download the registration software by clicking on links from the AT&amp;T WorldNet "At Home" page, the company said.
America Online provides a e-mail, online communities, chat content and original programming for interactive communities.
AT&amp;T WorldNet Service provides value-added access to the Internet, including access to online service providers such as America Online.
Columbus McKinnon said it will also offer to buy all of Spreckels' outstanding warrants at a price equal to the difference between the exercise price and $24.
Columbus McKinnon to buy Spreckels.
Columbus McKinnon Corp. said Monday it reached a definitive agreement to acquire Spreckels Industries Inc., another maker of material handling and industrial products, for about $260 million.
The value includes $190 million in cash for Spreckels' common stock, warrants and options, and $70 million of assumed debt, a Columbus McKinnon spokesman said.
The combined company would have annual revenues approaching $500 million, with about 3,400 employees.
Buffalo, N.Y.-based Columbus McKinnon said it will begin a tender offer by Aug. 30 for all of Spreckels' roughly 6.2 million outstanding common shares, as well as additional stock warrants and options, at $24 per share.
Volume of 281.4 million shares just edged past July 29's 281.3 million, the slowest full session so far this year.
"The bond market is really the story of the stock market," said Michael Metz, chief investment strategist at Oppenheimer &amp; Co.
Against the backdrop of a thousand choristers chanting a wordless corporate hymn, Bombardier Inc. on Monday unveiled its Global Express business jet -- a luxury aircraft the transportation and aerospace giant says will fly faster and farther than any in its class.
The sleek 99.5-foot (30.33 meter) long, US$34 million boardroom with wings will be able to travel 6,500 nautical miles -- halfway around the world -- without hitting the gas pumps and will be capable of reaching a top speed of 0.88 mach.
If it were configured like a commercial passenger jet, it would hold 50 passengers.
But the luxurious appointments and boardroom in the sky mean the jet can only carry eight favoured business people and four crew members.
While Bombardier admits it is making a hefty bet on the specialised high-end executive jet market niche, it is sharing the risk with several global partners.
Bombardier unveils ultra-long-range executive jet.
"I can't tell you the rationale for their decision," he said.
FoxMeyer Health Corp. said last week that it was in final negotiations to sell FoxMeyer Drug to a New Jersey investor group led by William Taggart, a turnaround expert, for $25 million in cash and securities.
The subsidiary accounts for most of FoxMeyer Health's $5.5 billion in annual revenue.
Fidelity names two to head investment strategy.
Fidelity Investments portfolio managers Richard Habermann and Jonathan Weed on Tuesday were named joint chief investment strategists for Portfolio Advisory Services
The two men succeed Robert Beckwitt, who is leaving Fidelity to join Goldman Sachs, effective Sept. 1.
For a minimum investment of $200,000, the advisory services unit provides investors with tailored investment management for a diversified portfolio of Fidelity mutual funds, the nation's largest mutual fund company said.
Habermann heads the newly formed Asset Allocation Group, which in addition to Weed, also includes George Vanderheiden, manager of the Destiny and Fidelity Advisor Growth Opportunities funds.
Before taking over as lead manager of Fidelity's Asset Manager funds, Habermann was division head for international equity funds and was involved with these funds' asset allocation strategies.
The unions said in a statement after a meeting that they were "working to achieve the broadest possible unity" on action over the coming weeks with a view to striking in late September or early October and that they would meet again on September 3.
French teachers lead autumn challenge to Juppe.
Lamfalussy says EMU likely to begin on time
Europe's planned currency union is likely to begin on time at the end of the decade even though a series of issues still needs to be tackled before the start, a senior European monetary official said on Tuesday
Netscape, Apple to develop new Navigator.
Netscape Communications Corp. has agreed to develop a new version of its Netscape Navigator Web browser to support two Apple Computer Inc. products, the companies said Tuesday.
The Apple products are Cyberdog, Apple's Internet suite, and OpenDoc, the open component architecture.
The Apple products are Cyberdog, Apple's Internet suite, and OpenDoc, the open component architecture.
The Navigator is the leading browser software for conducting searches on the Internet's World Wide Web computer network.
Cupertino, Calif.-based Apple said it has been incorporating Internet access directly into the Macintosh operating system and other applications so that computer users do not require separate stand-alone software to access the Internet.
Armed Iraqis who hijacked a Sudanese aircraft carrying 199 passengers and crew on Tuesday released all their hostages at Stansted airport near London.
Police officers boarded the plane to make a thorough search
Six men have been arrested
It may well be that there may be others involved," said police chief John Burrow
Lloyd's chairman says extends settlement deadline.
Lloyd's of London chairman David Rowland said on Tuesday that its Wednesday deadline for acceptances of its 3.2 billion pound ($5 billion) settlement offer would be extended following a U.S. court ruling in its favour.
"We have decided in the circumstances we will keep the offer open," Rowland told Reuters in an interview.
Rowland said the decision to keep the offer open beyond the Wednesday noon (1100 GMT) deadline was also due to the level of acceptances already received for the plan.
Britain "surprised" by U.S. open skies rebuff.
Britain said it was surprised by a U.S. decision on Tuesday to call off "open skies" talks on freeing up competition in the transatlantic airline market, but it left the way open for a new meeting to be arranged.
London Stock Exchange launches new system.
The London Stock Exchange launched its new integrated trading and information computer system, Sequence 6, on Tuesday, the last stage in a three-year programme to take the market into the next century.
The new system will complete the introduction of electronic trading begun at the time of the "Big Bang" shake up of the London market in 1986 which ended business on the floor of the exchange.
business on the floor of the exchange.
Sequence 6 will provide the basis for new electronic trading in the top blue-chip shares once the structure of a new order-driven trading regime is agreed and implemented in 1997.
That will signal the end of the current, quote-driven system where prices are set exclusively by dealers authorised to act as "market-makers" and deals are struck over the telephone
It will also enable electronic as well as telephone-based trading in the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) and the Seats -- Stock Exchange Alternative Trading Service -- market for less liquid stocks.
MFS WorldCom seen as European upmarket threat.
The $14.4. billion merger of MFS Communication Co Inc and WorldCom Inc, announced Monday, owes its conception to recent U.S. deregulation legislation.
The merged company will have sales of about $5.4 billion a year, with more than 500,000 business customers throughout North America, Europe and Asia.
On Friday, silver had fixed at 521.25 cents.
London silver fixes at 12-week high.
Silver was fixed at 525.50 cents per ounce on Tuesday, its highest fixing since June 4, 1996 when it fixed at 536.15.
Dealers said business in New York on Monday, when both the London and Hong Kong markets were closed for a holiday, had pushed prices higher.
London precious metals firmer but cautious after holiday.
But they were cautious about whether or not the new levels would last now that the market was back to full strength.
Bullion's $389.45 late close in New York on Monday largely held during the Asian trading day although markets in both time zones were quiet.
UK shares start weaker as Wall Street weighs.
The hijackers started to release people for the Airbus plane in batches of 10, starting with women and children, in what police described as a "controlled release".
Armed hijackers believed to be Iraqis released between 60 and 70 people on Tuesday from a Sudan Airways plane carrying 199 passengers and crew that landed in London after being diverted on a flight from Khartoum to Amman, authorities said.
A spokesman for Stansted airport said that the unidentified hijackers were demanding to see a British-based member of the Iraqi Community Association, called Mr Sadiki, and that police were trying to trace him.
Police spokeswoman Kim White said police had already contacted Sadiki and were trying to arrange to bring him to Stansted, 30 miles (48 km) north-east of London, to talk to the hijackers
Ian Oliver, publisher of the Oakville Beaver near Toronto, said on Tuesday he would start publishing ads in the USA Today newspaper to push his view that Canadian runner Donovon Bailey is actually the fastest man alive.
A South African court has ruled that only U.S. hamburger chain McDonald's can sell Big Macs, McNuggets, Fillet-o-Fish and its other trademarked fast foods, the company said Tuesday.
McDonald's, which stayed away from South Africa during apartheid, opened its first fast-food outlet in the country last year and now has seven, most owned by local entrepreneurs.
Belgrade newspapers are full of speculation that Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic has promised that advisers from NatWest Markets of Britain would help launch the privatisation of some parts of the company.
A spokesman for NatWest Markets in London declined to confirm this
All he said was that his company was an adviser to the government and that the general subject of privatisations was being examined.
"Natwest Markets, as advisers to the government, are looking into potential privatisations," the spokesman said without detailing which possible privatisations were being studied.
HD-YUGOSLAVIA-PRIVATISATION.
Serbian media say the government is preparing to sell off parts of the state post and telecommunications company but officials have yet to issue any public statement outlining their plans
Tikhomirov said troops would resume pulling out of Grozny on Wednesday after halting at the weekend when a group of soldiers had their weapons taken.
Withdrawal from some southern districts of Chechnya would be completed on Tuesday, he said
A final army withdrawal from the region would be the subject of new talks in the future, he added.
Audit says Hungary telecom selloff irregular-press.
State privatisation agency APV Rt officials were not immediately available for comment while the State Audit Office confirmed the report's existence but said it is not finished
"The report is confidential and has yet to be completed and submitted to the parliament," said Peter Divinyi of the Audit Office's press department.
According to the newspaper, the report says that after the first stage of MATAV's privatisation when German-American consortium MagyarCom acquired a 30 percent stake in the company for 87.5 billion forints ($580.5 million) , the state ploughed another 40 billion forints into it, giving the buyers a more valuable company.
Miss. Chemical to buy First Miss unit.
Mississippi Chemical Corp. said Tuesday it agreed to acquire First Mississippi Corp.'s fertiliser operations in a deal valued at about $297 million, including debt.
Mississippi Chemical said it will acquire FirstMiss Fertiliser, which operates through its AMPRO Fertiliser subsidary, and a 50 percent interest in Triad Chemical.
Mississippi Chemical already owns the remaining 50 percent stake in Triad, which owns an anhydrous ammonia plant in Louisana.
Mississippi Chemical said it will also acquire a 50 percent stake in an ammonia storage terminal in Pasadena, Texas, and a 50 percent stake in a partnership which owns 11 ammonia barges.
Apple will distribute Netscape Navigator for Cyberdog with its Mac operating system and plans to incorporate the browser in future versions of its Mac system for Apple computers.
Cyberdog allows Internet sufers to navigate by clicking on icons, for example, while Opendoc allows people to mix and match software combining text, graphics and video from different systems.
No connection was found between cow's milk and the 18 cases of B-cell autoimmunity that were uncovered, study author Jill Norris said.
Cow's milk not linked to childhood diabetes-report.
Fears that giving cow's milk to infants increases the risk of the child developing diabetes are probably unfounded, a study published on Tuesday said.
Researchers at the University of Colorado at Denver found babies under the age of three months who consumed proteins found in cow's milk were not more likely to develop a type of autoimmune disorder that is an early predictor of diabetes.
The authors of the study, which was published in this week's Journal of the American Medical Association, said it disputed previous reports that showed a 60 percent increased risk of diabetes from cow's milk.
The Colorado researchers screened 253 children from 171 families identified to be at risk for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
"Our total focus is to provide a hassle-free experience and comprehensive customer care," said Joseph Kennedy, vice president of sales and marketing for GM's Saturn unit, which will sell the EV1 under the GM nameplate.
The first modern production car designed from the ground up to be an electric vehicle, the EV1 will roll into Saturn dealerships sometime this fall in the Los Angeles, San Diego, Phoenix and Tucson, Ariz., areas.
Colder climates would shorten the vehicles' already limited range, which is a maximum of 70 to 90 miles under ideal conditions, GM says.
GM takes cautious path to electric vehicle launch.
General Motors Corp. has packed its new EV1 electric vehicle with exotic materials and sophisticated, unproven technology, but is taking a cautious approach to introducing it to the public.
GM officials said Tuesday they plan to offer the two-seat car only on three-year leases and will hold the customer's hand virtually every step of the way.
Boeing expected to launch larger version of 747.
Boeing Co. is expected to use the biennial Farnborough Air Show in England next week to formally launch the long-awaited stretch version of its 747 jumbo jet, industry analysts say.
While officials of the aerospace giant remain tight-lipped, analysts say it is all but certain executives will make a major announcement on Monday regarding two new members of the 747 family that will be known as the 747-500 and 747-600.
"They're going to announce the airplanes -- there is no doubt," said Joe Campbell, an analyst at Lehman Bros.
He said the only question was whether Boeing would announce massive orders of $10 billion or more from launch customers or merely disclose that its board of directors had given authorisation to offer the jet.
The announcement of the new models, which would include a jet with 30 percent more capacity than today's largest commercial airliner, is expected to be the highlight of the air show, frequently the stage for major order announcements and other industry news.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 17.38 points at 5,711.27
"This is the department's first action against international cartel activity in the food and feed additive industry," Assistant Attorney General Joel Klein said in a statement.
U.S. says three firms sign price-fixing plea deals.
The Justice Department said the three corporations have agreed to cooperate fully with the continuing investigation by providing witnesses who will be available to testify in the United States and documents.
The Justice Department has been conducting a long-running investigation into allegations of lysine price fixing involving Archer Daniel Midlands and a number of its top executives
The company said plans for the spin-off, which will come through a 20 million-share initial public offering of stock, are unchanged
The shares are expected to sell for $14 to $16 each
Ingram Micro names Jerry Stead chairman.
Ingram Micro Inc., the world's largest distributor of microcomputer products, Tuesday named Jerre Stead chairman and chief executive, effective immediately.
Stead is the former chairman and chief executive officer of Legent Corp. before its acquisition by Computer Associates International Inc. and of AT&amp;T Corp.'s Global Information Solutions (NCR Corp.).
Stead replaces Lindwood Lacy, who left in May due to "irreconcilable differences" over how the $1.8 billion company would be run in its final months before a planned spin-off from its parent, Nashville-based Ingram Industries Inc.
Clinton proposes national literacy campaign.
ValuJet lays off 134 workers to save cash.
The company had previously recalled 500 workers, including pilots, flight attendants and customer-service agents, in hopes of returning to the skies by Aug. 23.
ValuJet, however, remains grounded while it waits for regulatory approval from the U.S. Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration
"We anticipate this being a short-term situation," Kenyon said
Toronto stocks take a breather from upward climb.
Toronto stocks ended mixed on Tuesday, with a focus on falling pipeline and gold issues after the market gained nearly 300 points thus far in August.
"I think it'll take a few more days before it sells off enough" for investors to return and hunt for bargains.
World oil prices fell slightly on Tuesday as traders mulled over their next move after a month-long rally which has taken prices to four-month highs.
Traders said a downward correction was probably needed after the sharp gains posted so far in August
Bank of Montreal, Canada's third-largest bank, posted net income of C$300 million ($219 million U.S.), or  C$1.07 (78 cents) per share, in its third fiscal quarter vs. C$264 million, or 91 cents Canadian (67 cents) per share in the same period last year.
In both cases, the numbers were ahead of expectations
According to the I.B.E.S. service, the consensus forecast for Bank of Montreal was 97 cents Canadian (71 cents) per share while analysts were expecting Scotiabank to post C$1.00 (73 cents) per share.
"We believe that the decision by the premier of Saxony to grant subsidies to Volkswagen is a decision for the people and for jobs in Saxony.
This is also how we view our decision to invest in this location," Piech told journalists.
The group was introducing its new Passat vehicle.
Support grows for Lloyd's rescue, deadline looms.
Troubled insurance market Lloyd's of London said on Tuesday that over 82 percent of its worldwide membership had accepted the terms of its 3.2 billion pound ($4.99 billion) rescue plan ahead of Wednesday's crucial deadline.
The announcement came as the market awaited a U.S. appeals court decision due at 1800 GMT which threatens to throw the recovery plan off track, by giving American investors more time to think over the settlement offer.
FoxMeyer Health Corp. said last week it was in final negotiations to sell FoxMeyer Drug to a New Jersey investor group led by William F. Taggart, a turnaround expert, for $25 million in cash and securities
The subsidiary accounts for most of FoxMeyer Health's $5.5 billion in annual revenue.
FoxMeyer did not say why the sale was terminated.
FoxMeyer Drug also announced the appointment of Robert Peiser as the drug unit's vice chairman and chief executive.
At issue is Lloyd's plan to reorganize by reinsuring billions of dollars of liabilities into a new company called Equitas
Despite the continued weakness of the dollar, the IBIS DAX index, which measures all-day electronic trade in 30 blue-chip German companies, ended up 9.17 points, or 0.36 percent, at 2,563.59 points.
Earlier bourse trade ended with the DAX index, which measures trade in 30 blue-chip German shares, up 6.48 points, or 0.25 percent, at 2,558.84 points.
Fator Securities said it was maintaining its buy recommendation on Brazilian food company Ceval.
It said Ceval would begin to show signs of a turnaround in the third quarter of 1996 and reverse its losses by the end of the year.
RESEARCH ALERT - Ceval still a Fator buy.
Grand Casinos taking $12 million charge.
Grand Casinos Inc. said Tuesday it expects to record a non-cash charge of more than $12 million due to much higher-than-expected losses at the new Stratosphere casino in Las Vegas.
Grand Casinos, which owns about 42 percent of Stratosphere Inc., said it expected to take a charge of between 55 and 60 cents a share, which would total between $12.3 million and $13.4 million, in the second half of the year.
Tom Brosig, executive vice president of investor relations, said the expected loss was 10 times the amount originally anticipated by Grand Casinos.
Stratosphere said last week that it was revamping operations at its four-month-old hotel and casino -- the tallest building in Las Vegas -- after it failed to attract hotel customers or gamblers in the numbers it had anticipated.
American Stores is one of the largest food and drug retailers in the country, with 1,640 stores in 26 states.
Its principal retail operations include Acme Markets, Jewel Food Stores, Lucky Northern California Division, Lucky Southern California Division, Jewel Osco Southwest, Osco Drug and Sav-on Drug.
American Stores second quarter earnings.
The stock of Consolidated Freightways Inc. jumped in early trading Tuesday, one day after the transportation company said it plans to spin -off its long-haul, less-than-truckload units
The Palo Alto, Calif.-based firm said Monday that the spin-off was due to rapid change in the transportation business that recently caused some of its divisions to compete against each other for the same business.
Consolidated Freightways Inc., which has revenues of $5.7 billion, said it will spin off the new company, to be called Consolidated Freightways Corp., to stockholders in a tax-free transaction expected to close by the end of the year.
The units to be spun off have revenues of $2.1 billion
The company said it would buy back the shares through open market transactions from time to time as market conditions warrant.
It said it has 6.47 million shares outstanding.
Boeing also said the increase is expected to bring its total work force to 118,350 by the year end.
At the start of the year, Boeing said its work force totalled 105,180.
Ast Research names new president, CEO.
Personal computer manufacturer AST Research Inc. Tuesday named Young-Soo Kim president and chief executive
Kim replaces Ian Diery, who resigned from both posts to pursue other interests, the company said.
Kim previously was corporate vice president at Korea's Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., which holds a significant equity stake in AST.
Kim was one of the primary engineers of Samsung's initial investment in AST in 1995.
He has more than 25 years of experience in the U.S. computer and electronics industries in executive positions at companies that include International Business Machines Corp. and Honeywell Inc.
in addition to Samsung.
Irvine, Calif.-based AST makes a broad spectrum of desktop, mobile and server PC products that are sold in more than 100 countries.
PLO, Israeli minister meet on economic accord.
But neither Masri nor Meridor gave specifics.
Meridor said the two sides agreed to resume economic cooperation halted since last February by holding monthly meetings of the joint Palestinian-Israeli economic committee.
He added that Israel and the Palestinians would be meeting in the next few weeks to coordinate positions ahead of the September 5 meeting of international donors who have pledged aid to the peace process
Rexrodt said fresh discussions would take place on all levels in the next few days, but that preparatory work on a possible complaint by Bonn would continue.
The government will continue to prepare its case, but will hold off taking action for now, he said.
"The German government stands on the side of Saxony and Volkswagen, which deserves to get the full allotment of subsidies," Rexrodt said.
Neither Chun nor his presidential successor Roh Tae-woo, sentenced to 22-1/2 years in prison on similar charges stemming from a 1979 military coup and an army massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in the city of Kwangju the following year, have yet lodged formal appeals.
But media reports said lawyers of Chun and Roh were already preparing to challenge the rulings and that the appeals could drag through the courts for up to eight months
The lawyers were not immediately available for comment.
Consolidated Freightways to spin off units.
Transportation company Consolidated Freightways Inc. said Monday it plans to spin part of its long-haul trucking operations into a separate company.
Consolidated said the move was due to changes in the transportation business that recently caused Consolidated units to bid against each other for the same business.
"It has become clear that significant changes in our traditional trucking markets have occurred throughout the freight transportation industry," said Chairman David Moffitt.
"These changes, which have been especially dramatic in the past 18 months, have increasingly placed our separate and distinct regional and national trucking companies in a position where they are in direct competition with each other," he said in a statement.
Moffitt said the two companies would be more competitive as independent companies.
Industry analysts have expected Consolidated to attempt to spin-off or sell CF MotorFreight as the industry for less-than-truckload shippers has seen increased competition, flat yields and an overcapacity of trucks.
But the ITC said it was not banning the commercial as most viewers were unlikely to have found it offensive.
The Persil commercial, part of a Unilever campaign to show the cleaning powers of its newly-relaunched washing powder, also featured an ice skater dressed in white speeding away from his black-garbed companions, and a dalmatian dog shaking itself so that all its black spots flew off.
The ruling Conservative Party's controversial campaign this month -- featuring Opposition leader Tony Blair with red, satanic eyes -- is being investigated by the Advertising Standards Authority, which regulates press and poster ads.
Late bond market prices.
This is how major world bond markets were trading in late European business on Tuesday.
United Provincial Newspapers, the regional newspaper arm of United News, is Britain's third largest local paper publisher.
It reported operating profits of 28.6 million pounds ($44.6 million) in 1995 on turnover of 184.4 million pounds.
United News plans to sell 47 British local papers.
Britain's United News &amp; Media announced plans on Tuesday to sell off 47 local newspapers in south east England and Wales.
The company, which has interests in commercial television and national newspapers, said it wanted to focus its efforts on local newspapers in northern England.
British markets were closed for a holiday on Monday and London futures for Robusta coffee had to play catch-up.
Closing stock market indices.
Here is how major stock markets outside the United States ended on Tuesday.
London Stock Exchange launches new computer system.
The London Stock Exchange launched its new integrated trading and information computer system, Sequence 6, on Tuesday, the last stage in a three-year programme to take the London stock market into the next century.
The new system completes the introduction of electronic trading begun at the time of the Big Bang' shake up of the London market in 1986.
It also paves the way for the shift to electronic trading in Britain's largest shares on the transition from quote-driven trading for FTSE 100 stocks next summer.
United News to sell some local newspapers.
United News &amp; Media said its regional newspaper division had decided to divest its newspaper holdings in Wales and the South East of England.
United News said the decision was prompted by the desire to focus on its primary areas in the north of England.
United Provincial Newspapers (UPN), the UK regional newspaper division of United News, is the third largest regional publisher in the UK.
It had operating profits of 28.6 million stg in 1995 on revenue of 184.4 million stg, the bulk of which was generated from its northern titles.
"The proportion of funds regarding this as their principal form of investment management remains remarkably steady," a report with the PDFM survey said.
UK pension funds prefer balanced management - poll.
The top UK pension funds still prefer a balanced style of fund management but there are more specialist mandates being awarded, a survey of UK pension funds by Phillips &amp; Drew Fund Management (PDFM) shows.
The survey, conducted earlier this year, polled 200 funds of over 100 million stg and 18 funds of under 200 million stg.
Most of them were UK-owned corporate schemes but others were local authority-owned or foreign-owned corporate funds.
"The economy is getting better, and there are opportunities, at least for some workers, to say it's about time our interests were taken more into account by employers," Monks said.
British strikes show unions retain clout -TUC boss.
"Trade unionism is still around, and still capable of having a scrap," John Monks, general secretary of the Trades Union Congress (TUC), told Reuters in an interview.
FOCUS-Brewers expect Bass deal referral.
I think it will be referred but what will happen then is anybody's guess
They must think there is a reasonable risk of that happening otherwise why have a plan B in place," said Ralph Findlay, finance director of Wolverhampton &amp; Dudley Breweries.
On Sunday Bass confirmed details of a long-awaited deal to merge with Carlsberg-Tetley, leaving Danish brewer Carlsberg with a 20 percent stake in a merged Carlsberg-Tetley-Bass if British regulators allow the marriage to take place.
Under the terms of the deal, if Bass cannot combine C-T with its own brewing business within 16 months, Bass has the option to put its whole shareholding to Carlsberg and Carlsberg has an option to put 15 percent of C-T to Allied Domecq.
William Landuyt, who is also chairman of Millennium, also unveiled his strategic blueprint in an interview with Reuters, including plans for a share buyback by 2000 after cutting debt and implementing post-demerger investment plans.
Millennium had 1995 sales of two billion pounds ($3.12 billion) and profits of 588 million pounds.
We are not a dividend yield stock
We are a growth company," Landuyt said, warning investors of a tight dividend policy.
FOCUS - Millennium shuns suitors, sets strategy.
Millennium Chemicals, to be spun off from the mighty Hanson conglomerate in an October flotation, has already had to rebuff would-be suitors, chief executive of the soon-to-be independent company said on Tuesday.
Britain's yuppies are back on the rampage.
British yuppies, resplendent in red braces, shoulder pads and designer suits, were almost wiped out by the economic austerity of the early 1990s.
But they are making a comeback as the stock market hits record highs, City salaries return to six figures and property prices in London bounce back.
"Bars and restaurants are packed every night again...and the customers seem even younger and richer this time around," said the manager of a crowded bar in London's financial district.
A product of the 1980s economic boom, yuppies (young upwardly-mobile professionals) flourished under Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who encouraged the nouveau riche to flaunt their wealth.
Regent Inns buys Crossgate Leisure, expands.
Regent Inns Plc said on Tuesday it was buying Crossgate Leisure Ltd, which operates 18 estates of cafe bars, snooker and sports bars in north and south England, for 6.28 million stg.
The group, which owns 46 public houses, hotels and restaurants, said it also planned a geographic expansion of its pub estate through a new programme of site acquisitions in the midlands and north of England.
Prudential, whose shares jumped 8 pence to 445 pence on news of the sale, said it would receive of 1.704 billion pounds in cash, and the deal would also involve Swiss re paying a special dividend of 50 million pounds to Prudential.
Prudential had said in June that it intended to float part of M&amp;G on the stock market later this year
. But a trade sale had not been ruled out.
Prudential sells M&amp;G to Swiss Re for $2.72 bln
British insurer Prudential Corp said on Tuesday it had agreed to sell its Mercantile &amp; General (M&amp;G) reinsurance operation to Swiss Reinsurance Co in a 1.75 billion pounds ($2.72 billion) deal.
Prudential said in a statement that the sale of M&amp;G, which resulted from a strategic review of operations, was agreed on Monday and should be completed by the end of the year, subject to regulatory approval.
No-one at Bass was immediately available for comment.
Castlemaine XXXX is an Australian lager and is currently the subject of a new advertising campaign seeking to move the product away from its macho male image.
Bass may see Castlemaine licence review - FT.
British brewer Bass Plc could face a review of a licensing deal to make and distribute the lager brand Castlemaine XXXX under its deal for control of Carlsberg-Tetley, the Financial Times reported.
Bass struck a complex agreement over the weekend giving it control of Carlsberg-Tetley, which is owned by Allied Domecq and Denmark's Carlsberg.
The Financial Times said in its Tuesday edition that the licence to produce and sell Castlemaine in the UK, currently held by Carlsberg-Tetley from New Zealand group Lion Nathan, the original brand owner, could be open for review when it changes ownership.
Activist groups are no longer seen by British firms as a harmless, badly organised ragbag of students and hippies.
"You only have to see them in action at protests," said David Harding, spokesman at ARC, Hanson's aggregates company.
Police said they made 30 arrests and there were two stabbings
SEC adopts rules to improve investor access to best stock prices.
The Securities and Exchange Commission Wednesday approved rules designed to give stock market investors a better chance at getting the best price available for their orders.
The so-called order handling rules, which were proposed last September, were approved in a 4-0 vote.
The new rules will require specialists at stock exchanges and market makers on Nasdaq to allow customers to view price quotes from other electronic trading systems that may not be readily available to them.
The rules will also require that customer limit orders be displayed with prices better than those available in quotes publicly available at the time.
Specialists and market makers are companies or individuals recognised as qualified to maintain an orderly market in a stock
Walter Butler, the investor who leads the European Strategic Investment fund, which has 20 percent of BDDP and heads an alliance of investors controlling 46 percent of the company, had no comment
Officials at BDDP were also not available for comment.
Butler has been looking for a buyer for BDDP for some time and in May met Grey Advertising chief Ed Meyer, who is interested in BDDP's U.S. unit, Wells Rich Greene.
Grey Advertising set to buy France's BDDP.
New York ad agency Grey Advertising is set to acquire France's third-biggest advertising group Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit, industry sources said Wednesday.
"The dossier has been sent to all the majors in the industry and in the end it is Grey Advertising who is going to seal the deal," a source said.
Rugby union-England given until end of next week to change mind.
England have been given until the end of next week to change their mind about an exclusive television deal with Rupert Murdoch's Sky Television and stay in the Five Nations' championship.
The championship, featuring England, Scotland, Wales, Ireland and France, is one of the most popular sporting contests in the British Isles.
"We have given the RFU every opportunity to modify its approach to the sale of broadcasting rights, prior to and following England's exclusion from the Five Nations' championship," McLeod said.
H&amp;R Block decides not to spin off rest of Compuserve.
H&amp;R Block Inc., citing problems facing the online service industry, said Wednesday it has decided not to complete the spin-off of the rest of its Compuserve Corp. subsidiary, at least for now.
The Kansas City, Mo.-based company, which owns 80 percent of Compuserve after spinning off part of the online service earlier this year, cited Compuserve's recent and projected losses and uncertainties facing the online industry
Its current 52-week high is $128.875.
British trade deficit stable in June.
"The UK's trade performance continues to mystify us," said Alex Garrard, an economist at stockbrokers UBS.
Economists said the data, which defied most predictions, did not signal that Japan's economy was dipping back into recession, but did scuttle prospects the Bank of Japan would raise interest rates from their rock-bottom levels soon.
Mad cow epidemic will die out, British experts say.
British scientists predicted on Wednesday that the mad cow epidemic would die out by 2001 but admitted they still did not know how many people would get the human form of the disease from eating infected beef.
Approval for Lloyd's settlement offer edges closer.
Final approval for Lloyd's of London's recovery plan edged closer on Wednesday as it declared that over 90 percent of members had accepted a settlement offer aimed at securing the 300-year-old insurance market's future.
Lloyd's said it had been swamped by U.S. investors signing up for its recovery plan after a U.S. appeals court overturned a ruling that had threatened the insurance market's survival
International investors will likely be lured back into Japanese government bonds after a weak corporate sentiment survey sharply curtailed the chances of an interest rate rise this year, analysts said on Wednesday.
"Certainly it's dramatically changed the outlook of the market," said Kirit Shah, chief market strategist at Sanwa.
"People were looking for JGB yields to head back up to 3.5 percent and mabe even four percent in a year's time but the tankan has radically shifted the trading range," said Shah, based in London.
In an interview with Reuters, Rowland described how Lloyd's and the London companies market could co-operate in areas like marketing, international development and technology
He also said that the regulation of Lloyd's in the future may be divided -- with the insurance market itself governing the supervision of professionals, and investor protection falling to an outside body like the Securities and Investments Board (SIB).
With Lloyd's confident it will have overwhelming support from members for its recovery plan by today's voting deadline, Rowland has been looking ahead to the insurance market's future.
The chairman set out how Lloyd's may evolve once the recovery plan goes ahead and the billions of pounds in "long tail" liabilities, which have threatened to bring it down, become the responsibility of a new reinsurance vehicle Equitas.
Lloyd's may seek closer ties with London market.
Lloyd's of London may seek closer ties with the rest of the London insurance market once its recovery plan is completed, chairman David Rowland said.
Chrysler, which is cautiously trying to rebuild its international presence, said the projects in Brazil were worth about $315 million, and the expansion in Argentina was worth about $65 million.
Roughly one third of the total investment, or about $126.6 million, will come from Chrysler's suppliers, who will play a major role in the automaker's low-risk global growth strategy, Chrysler Chairman Robert Eaton said.
Chrysler plans new investments in Latin America.
"We don't intend to make risky investments just to be a major player in emerging markets," added Thomas Gale, Chrysler's executive vice president of international operations. "We're quite content to grow at a steady pace in regions where we see solid opportunities."
The company said it would cut 150 jobs, or 4 percent of its work force, as part of a cost-cutting programme expected to save $30 million on an annualized basis.
If dining at Planet Hollywood made you feel like a movie star, now you can spend money like Arnold Schwarzenegger with a new credit card from the themed restaurant chain.
Planet Hollywood launches credit card.
The fast growing company, whose outlets are festooned with kitsch movie memorabilia, has teamed up with the William Morris talent agency and MBNA America Bank of Wilmington, Del., to offer a credit card with appropriate Hollywood perks
Planet Hollywood joins other pop culture companies such as Rolling Stone magazine that are issuing branded credit cards that make going into debt more fun than usual.
These include preferential seating in the restaurants, a limited edition T-shirt and discounts on food and merchandise, a statement said
The Commodity Research Bureau's index of 17 futures contracts closed down 1.32 at 250.65 points.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 21.82 points at 5,721.26, putting the blue-chip index within a stone's throw of its record closing high of 5,778.00 set on May 22.
Sprint to offer consumer Internet access service.
Sprint Corp. Tuesday announced plans to offer Internet access to consumers, jumping into the market to help millions of homes go online after similar moves by rivals AT&amp;T and MCI
Kansas City, Mo.-based Sprint, which has operated a big chunk of the Internet for American businesses since 1992, said it would offer the service for free to 200,000 of its existing telephone customers until it is introduced widely in the fall.
After that, consumers will be able to choose a flat rate of $19.95 a month for unlimited access, or $1.50 an hour with no minimum or maximum usage requirement, the nation's third-largest long-distance company said.
The spending increase was caused by an emphasis on brand-name goods that typically cost more, lower retailer inventories which reduce the amount of discounted, sale merchandise, and higher consumer confidence, American Express said.
Back-to-school spending is up.
Shoppers are loading up this year on perennial back-to-school favourites such as jeans, shirts and sneakers, with parents spending an average of 12 percent more for clothing and other supplies.
"It's sort of funny because it really hasn't changed a lot from years ago, with jeans, shirts and pants and things like that being the basics of what people are looking for," said Andrea Kent, director of the Retail Marketing Group for American Express Travel Related Services Inc.
U.S. Federal Reserve holds interest rates steady.
"The Federal Open Market Committee meeting ended at 12:45 p.m (1645 GMT). There is no further announcement," central bank spokesman Joseph Coyne said in a brief statement
"The Federal Open Market Committee meeting ended at 12:45 p.m (1645 GMT). There is no further announcement," central bank spokesman Joseph Coyne said in a brief statement
Sandler was questioned for four hours in a federal courtroom by lawyers for American investors in Lloyd's and by U.S. District Judge Robert Payne about Lloyd's complex restructuring plan to settle large losses.
Under the rescue proposal, Lloyd's was to reinsure billions of dollars in liabilities, including pollution and asbestosis-related claims in the United States, in a new company called Equitas
The average price per share was unchanged
Ohio Blue Cross approves $299.5 mln Columbia/HCA deal
Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corp.'s proposed $299.5 million acquisition of most of Blue Cross &amp; Blue Shield of Ohio cleared a hurdle Tuesday when the health insurer's policyholders approved the deal at a special meeting, Blue Cross said
About 60 protestors outside the meeting outnumbered the 38 who attended it
Most proxies were mailed in advance of the meeting, a Blue Cross spokesman said
War hero Colin Powell hits road with Dole campaign
The Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Kentucky was a natural setting for Powell, a retired general who helped lead U.S. troops to victory in Operation Desert Storm in the Gulf, and for Bob Dole, who nearly died in the Second World War.
Decision nears on Indiana tobacco lawsuit
Another liability challenge to the tobacco industry headed toward a decision in court Tuesday, this one from the family of a man who began smoking at age six and died of lung cancer 46 years later.
A jury in Marion County Superior Court was expected to begin deliberations in the case on Wednesday or Thursday
Kansas became the 11th state and Arizona the 12th to join the anti-tobacco litigation.
Kansas Attorney General Carla Stovall told a news conference her state's lawsuit was the broadest filed to date.
Fed decides to keep interest rates steady
The decision by the central bank's policy-making Federal Open Market Committee had been widely expected and left the key federal funds rate that commercial banks charge each other for overnight money unchanged at 5.25 percent.
"The Federal Open Market Committee meeting ended at 12:45 p.m (1645 GMT). There is no further announcement," central bank spokesman Joseph Coyne said in a brief statement.
The decision to hold rates steady keeps the independent Fed out of the line of political fire in the approach to the Nov. 5 presidential and congressional elections.
Japan, EU may aid U.S. in ag trade reform.
The United States may seek an informal alliance with Japan and the European Union to win world trade rules to assure fair play by state trading enterprises, an Agriculture Department official said Tuesday.
A new round of world trade talks was scheduled to begin in 1999
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said earlier this summer that U.S. priorities would be elimination of unfair export subsidies and controls on so-called STEs.
Richard Schroeter, deputy administrator of international trade policy for the Agriculture Department, said there could be grounds for Japan and the EU to assist the U.S. drive.
Japanese prime minister arrives in Mexico.
Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto arrived in Mexico on Tuesday on the first leg of a five-nation, 10-day tour of Latin America.
Although Hashimoto made no comments to reporters upon his arrival at the Mexico City airport just before 11:30 a.m. EDT (1530 GMT), he was expected to announce credits to Mexico worth $940 million during his three-day trip, Mexican officials said.
The Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in Kentucky was a natural setting for Powell, a retired general who helped lead U.S. troops to victory in Operation Desert Storm in the Gulf, and Bob Dole, who nearly died in the Second World War
"An estimated 55 million visitors a year pass by the Trocadero and some 20 million people come through the centre," Nick Leslau, chief executive of Trocadero Plc, told a news conference.
The challenge, he said, was to convert visitors into money-spending consumers.
German utility group Viag AG on Tuesday said its net profit this year ought to at least match 1995's 1.32 billion marks ($886.1 million) despite a 21 percent slide in its earnings in first-half 1996.
"A key goal of Sprint has been to make its comprehensive Internet capabilities directly available to the American public," said Robba Benjamin, president of Sprint's Multimedia Group.
"Most people who have used an online service in the last 10 years have used a Sprint network
Sprint to offer consumer Internet access service.
Kansas City, Mo.-based Sprint, which has operated a big chunk of the Internet for American businesses since 1992, said it would offer the service for free to 200,000 of its existing telephone customers until it is introduced widely in the fall.
After that, consumers will be able to choose a flat rate of $19.95 a month for unlimited access, or $1.50 an hour with no minimum or maximum usage requirement, the nation's third-largest long-distance company said
The current level of bids was $1 million and offers were at $1.25 million, it said.
Under the agreement, NatWest will set up a representative office in Boston to provide Sterling and foreign currency account and cash management services to American companies that either have a physical presence in Britain or trade there.
Fleet, NatWest form pact.
Mazda's new ad campaign sports unlikely celebrity.
Mazda Motor Corp. is using a foreign celebrity -- its own president -- to revamp its image in Japan.
Company President Henry Wallace, a famous figure in Japan as the first foreigner to head a major Japanese firm, is to star in Mazda's new advertising campaign.
The 50-year-old Wallace will appear in full-page advertisments in five major Japanese newspapers Thursday.
Mazda broke with tradition by putting a foreigner in the driver's seat and is doing so again with its new sales promotion.
It is rare for a Japanese company to use photos of its top management in a campaign to sell its merchandise.
Japan adds game machines to inflation gauge.
Japan said Tuesday that game machines, tickets to soccer matches and imported rice will replace traditional socks worn with the kimono and corned beef as items used to measure the nation's price movements
New items also include golf fees and delivered pizza
In a move underlining changes in consumer tastes, the government announced it was revising the selection of goods it uses to track price trends to include more up-to-date items.
The agency updates the components and changes the base year for Japan's consumer price index every five years.
But the stock is still well short of the 205 pence ($3.17) level of its flotation, which valued the group at some 2.5 billion pounds ($3.9 billion) and propelled it into the FTSE-100 index of leading British shares.
However, profits were hit by a one-time charge of 87.8 million pounds ($135.5 million) to partly account for a 10 percent cut in the valuation of its hotel portfolio to 1.7 billion pounds ($2.6 billion)
Thistle owns some 100 hotels, including such luxury names as London's Grosvenor and Royal Horseguards hotels.
Market watchers say its initial public offering could value the group at between one billion and 1.5 billion pounds ($1.5 billion and $2.3 billion).
Unions and employers in several federal states are resuming talks this week to agree a wage and work hours deal to cope with the liberalisation of German shopping hours in November
Until now, unions have pressed for broad adoption of a deal struck in Rhineland-Palatinate which called for workers to get a 1.85 percent wage rise plus 20 percent extra time in lieu per hour worked after 6:30 p.m. weekdays and 2:00 p.m. Saturdays.
However the HBV services union on Tuesday called for a 55 percent bonus time in lieu for shifts between 7:30 and 8:00 p.m
Snap-on Inc. said Tuesday its Snap-on Tools Co. unit will provide car care and maintenance equipment for more than 800 Penske Auto Centres Inc., which are located in Kmart Corp. stores across the country.
The value of the deal was not disclosed.
Last October, Penske acquired Kmart's automotive service centres for $112 million.
Snap-on to provide equipment for Penske Auto Centers.
The company said it has set up a committee of directors to oversee the sale and that Goldman, Sachs &amp; Co. has been retained as its financial adviser.
Halifax Building Society, Britain's largest mortgage lender, reported half-year profits of 649 million pounds ($1 billion) Tuesday.
The size of the re-mortgage market reflects the low level of transactions from home buyers, Marsh said.
One analyst said the slip reflected the society's pursuit of profits as it prepared for a public stock offering
Tens of thousands of investors in Lloyd's worldwide are anxiously awaiting the outcome of the case in Richmond, Va., where U.S. investors, known as Names, have applied for an injunction to block the recovery plan
Under its rescue proposals, Lloyd's is to reinsure billions of pounds in liabilities, including pollution and asbestos-related claims in the United States, into a new company called Equitas.
Names have only eight days left in which to accept or reject this plan, on which the future of the market hangs.
Since improving the terms of the proposals, which include a 3.2 billion pound ($4.95 billion) offer to Names designed to offset the cost of Equitas, support among British Names for the plan has grown.
Lloyd's braces for crucial U.S. court case ruling.
The cumulative surplus in farm trade was $13.667 billion in the first six months of the year, compared with $11.400 billion in the same period last yea
Fed seen holding U.S. interest rates steady.
The central bank's policy-making Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) started meeting at 9 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT)
If past practice is followed, any decision should be announced around 2:15 p.m. EDT (1815 GMT).
Amid the big overall improvement in June trade, China emerged for the first time as the nation with which the United States has the largest bilateral shortfall.
The regulations, effective from Tuesday, allow only wholly Chinese-owned or Taiwan-owned shipping companies or joint ventures involving Chinese or Taiwanese shipowners to sail between the two sides, Beijing's Xinhua news agency said.
"The regulations...are meant to promote cargo and passenger transport between the two sides of the Straits and accelerate the development of direct mail service, trade, and air and shipping links across the Straits
Taiwan cautious on China direct shipping rules.
Australian Alan Bond jailed for three years.
Bond, lauded as Australian of the Year after winning the prestigious America's Cup yacht race in 1983, will appeal the conviction, his lawyers later said.
Virgin Radio has joined a consortium applying for a commercial radio licence in Johannesburg and the company also plans to open Virgin Megastores in South Africa, as well as introducing its Virgin Vodka and Virgin Cola brands there, the paper said.
Virgin Airlines is already scheduled to begin regular service to Johannesburg in October.
Emerging Markets Data Plc (EMD) said on Tuesday it had agreed to an on-line partnership with British information service M.A.I.D Plc.
EMD is based in London and Dublin.
M.A.I.D in on-line partnership with EMD.
Key stock and currency market movements at 1600 GMT.
The following table shows the latest close of key indices* on major world stock exchanges, the day's change in points and the indices' 1996 closing highs and lows (with dates)
Also shown are the London closing values of the German mark, the Japanese yen, the British pound and gold bullion (previous day's closes in brackets):
UK Investment Trust discounts stable end July - AITC.
Average discounts on UK investment trusts were stable at the end of July at 10.86 percent, slightly down from the June average of 10.94 percent, a statement from the Association of Investment Trust Companies (AITC) showed.
Figures from the Datastream Consortium List showed the average discount at nine percent on August 14, the AITC said.
IBCA affirms Italian foreign currency ratings.
"The rating applies to $92.9 billion of senior and unsecured foreign currency debt obligations of the Republic and sets a ceiling for the foreign currency rating of all Italian entities," IBCA said in a statement.
IBCA also confirmed its rating of A1 plus for short-term foreign currency issues and assigned a long-term local currency rating of AAA to sovereign debt.
"An estimated 55 million visitors a year pass by the Trocadero and some 20 million people come through the centre," Nick Leslau, chief executive of Trocadero Plc, told a news conference.
The challenge, he said, was to convert visitors into money-spending consumers.
He said Trocadero would seek to convert rental agreements into revenue-sharing deals as leases expire.
LONDON CURRENCY AND GOLD BULLION RATES.
LONDON, Reuter - Following are the buying and selling rates for leading world currencies and gold against the dollar on the London foreign exchange and bullion markets today.
London's Globe, an experiment in theatre history.
In a theatre open to London's often rainy skies, a troupe of actors begins a risky experiment on Wednesday to discover what William Shakespeare's plays were like when first peformed 400 years ago.
The Globe Theatre is a replica of the 20-sided wood-and-thatch arena which Shakespeare part-owned and where his finest works, including "Macbeth," "Hamlet" and "King Lear", were staged during his lifetime
His vision is still central to the 30 million pound ($46 million) Globe, which begins a "prologue season" on Wednesday with a production of "Two Gentlemen of Verona."
BSkyB sees no corporation tax in 1996/97.
British Sky Broadcasting said on Tuesday it had not been charged mainstream UK corporation tax in its last financial year and did not expect to do so in the current year.
BSkyB sees digital TV link with BT.
BSkyB is planning to launch digital satellite television late next year and is reportedly talking to a number of partners about promoting and subsidising the launch.
"We need to be able to get decoders to customers at the best price," said Chisholm.
This would value the acquisition at 23 milion stg in total.
DMGT has paid three million cash and the balance through the issue of loan notes.
Satellite broadcaster British Sky Broadcasting Plc said on Tuesday it was likely to take a stake in German pay TV network Premiere.
Unitisation means shareholders would then hold units in a trust that owned shares, rather than owning shares directly.
M&amp;G joins fray to manage KEPIT.
M&amp;G Group Plc said it had submitted proposals to take over management of the embattled Kleinwort European Privatisation Investment Trust Plc (KEPIT).
GrandMet plan Pillsbury briefing Wednesday.
GrandMet will make a presentation to analysts and institutional investors on its U.S. packaged food subsidiary Pillsbury on Wednesday, a company spokesman said.
"Pillsbury chief executive Paul Walsh will outline the development of  company over the last year and provide an overview of strategy as well as general trends," he said.
Three other Pillsbury executives will cover marketing, brand development and operations.
The presentation is themed "Winning in the marketplace through sustainable growth."
It will be held at the The Brewery, Chiswell Street, in the City of London, from 1000 GMT.
However, markets anticipate no change to interest rates after recent data easing worries about inflationary pressures.
UK shares open steady, look to M4, FOMC meeting.
"Job security is a critical issue. We need protection with regard to outsourcing and respect for the fundamental principle of seniority is essential," he added.
The Canadian Auto Workers union said 400 members of its Local 1996 employed by Quaker Oats in Peterborough, Ontario, went on strike Tuesday.
Workers on strike at Quaker Oats plant.
In the promotion launched by Coca-Cola Poland Services Sp. z.o.o., customers who submitted two bottle tops printed on the inside with matching dates and venues for past Olympic Games, plus the same sum of money, could win cash prizes.
The demands for payment before the Warsaw provincial court total 320,000 zlotys ($116,000), it added.
Coca-Cola spokesman Marcin Barcz told Reuters the claims arose because on some caps the number eight had been badly printed and could be taken to look like a six, arousing some false hopes.
Russia Aug tax revenues meeting IMF goals-ministry.
Wermuth said revenues averaged 520 billion roubles for each working day in the first 15 days of August, compared with an average of 411 billion for the working days in the first half of May, June and July.
Analysts had attributed the lower profits in the first four months of the year to this year's long winter.
Other top sellers include Daewoo-FSO, a unit of South Korea's Daewoo Corp, General Motors' German unit Adam Opel AG and France's Renault.
Slovak c.bank moves failing to hit target - analysts.
"The central bank will have to take other measures to stem the money supply, as the effect of the tool it chose to do so is partly eliminated by short-term foreign capital inflows," Jozef Bozek of Tatra Banka told Reuters
Russia's Federal Commission on the Capital Market granted investment fund management licences to OAO Credis (Moscow) A/O, ZAO Upravlyayushchy Payevovo Fonda Neftegazeksport and ZAO Pallada Asset Management, the commission said on Tuesday.
Credis is the investment arm of the Credit Suisse Group.
Credis (Moscow) A/O together with Credit Suisse (Moscow) plans to start operations in 1996, distributing investment funds to private and institutional investors in Russia, the company said in a statement.
Credis has subsidiaries in 10 countries and has a range of over 140 funds on offer, it said
It will initially focus on Russian government securities, it said.
Russian securities body names three fund managers.
"There are about two or three days (stock) left...Technically we are out of Venezuela," Pepsi's Latin American President Gustavo Berejam told a news conference.
"People will have to go out and look for their Pepsis," said Alberto Uribe, head of Pepsi's Andean region
Pepsi's Venezuelan franchise for the last 47 years was held by the Cisneros family, a leading business group
But the Cisneros group announced Friday it had signed a joint venture with Coke to bottle Coke and Hit trademark products at its 18 plants.
Pepsi to vanish from Venezuelan mkt soon.
PepsiCo Inc products will disappear from the Venezuelan market, in which it had an 80 percent market share until Friday, by the end of the week due to a suprise move by Venezuela's main bottler and Coca-Cola Co , Pepsi officials said late Monday.
The location of the factory has not yet been decided, it added.
Chrysler to build $315 mln factory in Brazil.
BRASILIA, Aug 20 (reuter) - Chrysler Corp said on Tuesday it would invest $315 million to build a factory in Brazil to produce its new Dodge Dakota pickup truck.
Chrysler said in a statement issued in Brasilia that the factory should be finished in mid-1998 and will have an initial capacity to produce 12,000 vehicles per year, with an eventual production potential of 40,000 per year.
Two days of anti-budget street protests preceded spending cuts officially unveiled by Treasurer Peter Costello.
"This is a once-in-a-decade chance to get it right," Costello said in a radio interview.
Tuesday's budget sliced A$4 billion (US$3.1 billion) from the budget for the current fiscal year, to June 1997, as a first instalment towards an underlying surplus (excluding asset sales) by 1998/99.
Australian govt pushes budget, despite protests.
Progressive to cut G/Pie investment.
Progressive Enterprises Ltd said on Wednesday it would reduce its investment in restaurant chain Georgie Pie.
New Australian government delivers on budget cuts.
"This is the once in the term, once in the decade opportunity to get it right," Costello told reporters before delivering the first conservative government budget in 14 years.
The budget slashed A$3.9 billion from hundreds of government programmes, but centred largely on aboriginal affairs, universities and schemes to help the jobless find work.
NZ government defies opposition to sell forest.
The New Zealand government thumbed its nose at public and political opposition on Tuesday by pressing ahead with the privatisation of a huge plantation forest less than two months before a general election.
It announced the sale of the Forestry Corporation of New Zealand to a consortium of New Zealand companies, Fletcher Challenge and Brierley Investments and China's China International Trust and Investment Corp (CITIC) for NZ$2.0 billion (US$1.38 billion)
NZ government defies opposition to sell forest.
The New Zealand government thumbed its nose at public and political opposition on Tuesday by pressing ahead with the privatisation of a huge plantation forest less than two months before a general election.
It announced the sale of the Forestry Corporation of New Zealand to a consortium of New Zealand companies, Fletcher Challenge and Brierley Investments and China's China International Trust and Investment Corp (CITIC) for NZ$2.0 billion (US$1.38 billion)
The privatisation was New Zealand's second biggest after the 1990 sale of Telecom Corp for more than twice that price.
Finance Minister Bill Birch said he would use the net proceeds of NZ$1.6 billion to repay debt, allowing New Zealand to eliminate net foreign debt for the first time since a 1954 wool boom caused by the Korean War.
RTRS-Aust Prov News plans Asian expansion.
Media group Australian Provincial Newspapers Ltd said on Tuesday that it had identified a number of expansion opportunities in south-east Asia.
In New Zealand, Buspak will establish operations later this year.
In Hong Kong, Buspak has signed a long term contract with Citybus, thus launching Buspak in south-east Asia," Healey said.
Indonesia's Salim takes 73.1 pct of QAF.
Indonesia's private Salim Group had received acceptances from 126.3 million QAF shares, or 39.8 percent of the bread-making company, at the close of its takeover offer on Tuesday, a company statement said.
Indonesia's Salim takes 73.1 pct of QAF.
Indonesia's private Salim Group had received acceptances from 126.3 million QAF shares, or 39.8 percent of the bread-making company, at the close of its takeover offer on Tuesday, a company statement said.
KMP Private Ltd, an investment vehicle of the Salim group through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Qualif Pte Ltd, and parties acting in concert now hold about 231.8 million QAF shares or 73.1 percent of the company, it said.
Qualif also holds 83.58 million QAF warrants representing 66.7 percent of the warrants at the closing date, it added.
China says should rely more on longer-term bonds.
China should take advantage of easing inflation and switch its fund raising efforts to longer term bonds, an official newspaper said on Tuesday.
The Financial News, published by the central bank, said that the reduced interest rates meant that Beijing could lock in long-term funds at cheaper rates.
"Now that we are in a period of lower inflation, this is the time to shift to longer term maturities for government funds," the newspaper said.
That persuaded the central bank to cut bank interest rates once this year, and many analysts expect another rate reduction by the end of the year.
Investors remained on the sidelines, and brokers expected the sluggish trend to continue for a while.
Potential new leads included the U.S. Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting later on Tuesday, although markets have generally discounted any rate change.
China calls on TV makers to halt price cuts.
Major companies in the domestic television market include Shenzhen Konka Electronics (Group) Co Ltd and Hong Kong-listed Nanjing Panda Electronics Co Ltd.
Korea won devaluation could cut profits - analysts.
"It does look like the Koreans are forcing the won down very sharply, not especially against the U.S. dollar but rather the yen," Graham Courtney, an economist with SBC Warburg in Hong Kong, said in an interview with Reuters Financial Television (RFTV).
Andrew Holland, head of research at BZW Securities in Seoul, told RFTV a weaker won was not the miracle cure South Korea was looking for to cut its rising trade deficit and boost competitiveness against Japan
Per-share earnings were 0.14 yuan, against 0.18 yuan in the first half of 1995, said the company's interim report published in the Securities Times.
Its main operating income hit 408.81 million yuan between January and June 1996 versus 315.47 million in 1995.
The firm, set up in 1993, was entitled to a three-year corporate income tax break because of its status as a Taiwan-invested enterprise, and would pay income tax at a reduced 7.5 percent rate from 1996 to 2000, a company spokesman said.
Standard Chartered Merchant Bank Asia said on Tuesday that Miel Investment Corp, wholly owned by Sampoerna, had raised its takeover offer for Transmarco to Singapore $8.55 per share from S$6.50 bid at the weekend.
Transmarco, a trading and telecommunications firm, had suspended its share trading in mid-afternoon on Tuesday pending the announcement.
It looks like Sampoerna is serious
I think he will be able to get more than 51 percent.
Sukamto is likely to sell most of his stake to him as he might not be able to unload that much in the market
Raised bid to ensure Transmarco takeover.
Japan's index of leading indicators, which was designed to help predict economic developments over the next six months stood at 70 in June, over the key 50 mark for the third month in a row, the Economic Planning Agency (EPA) said on Tuesday.
A figure below the so-called "boom or bust" mark of 50 is generally taken as suggesting the economy will contract in the coming months, while a figure above 50 suggests the economy will expand.
But economists pointed out that the strength in the data, which is compiled by comparing figures from three months before, was largely relative
Shanghai B shares ended up in slow trading on Tuesday on bargain-hunting, with investors focussing on interim results, brokers said.
The index ended up 0.053 points or 0.10 percent to 51.813 points, on volume of 8.4 million shares worth $3.4 million
Brokers said that short-term market sentiment was still cautious despite the rise, with most firms having not published their interim results.
The deadline for publication is the end of August.
Shanghai B shares end up on bargain-hunting.
The Philippines' top military officer said on Tuesday Manila was exchanging intelligence information with the United States and other countries on potential terrorist threats to the APEC summit later this year.
"Certainly those countries going to APEC must exchange information and talk of possible security problems," Philippine armed forces chief General Arturo Enrile said in an interview at the end of a three-day visit to Singapore.
Manila is taking elaborate security precautions for the summit of leaders of the 18 members of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum when it is held in the Philippines this November
U.S. President Bill Clinton is expected to attend.
Indonesia's leading cigarette maker PT Handjaya Mandala Sampoerna said on Tuesday it had no link to a move by majority owner Putera Sampoerna to take over Transmarco Holdings of Singapore.
"It is a private investment of Putera Sampoerna and his son Jonathan and there is no connection with PT HM Sampoerna," Ekadharmajanto Kasih, chief financial officer of the firm, told Reuters.
Miel Investment Corp, wholly-owned by Putera Sampoerna, said on Saturday it was making a conditional takeover offer for Transmarco Holdings, a trading and telecommunications company.
Mitsui Trust to sell Koito Mfg shares.
Koito Manufacturing Co Ltd said on Tuesday that its second largest shareholder Mitsui Trust &amp; Banking Co Ltd will sell most of its stake in September.
A Koito spokesman said a sale is necessary because of an anti-monopoly law which prohibits a financial institution from having more than five percent of shares in another company, and also to release more Koito shares into the market.
Mitsui Trust now has 28.44 million shares or a 17.6 percent stake in Koito, which makes head lamps for cars, he said.
Mitsui Trust will sell up to 25.19 million shares through securities houses, the Koito spokesman said.
Of that, 14.69 million shares are planned to be sold in Japan and 10.50 million in overseas markets
The price of the shares will be decided September 3-11, the firm said.
Trade and diplomatic sources said any Mexican move to end its four-year import embargo would benefit Vietnam more than other Asian producers.
A U.S. agriculture attache said on Monday there were indications Mexico would lift a phytosanitary ban on Asian rice soon and he expected such a move could hurt U.S. rice exports to Mexico.
Thai rice traders greet expected end of Mexico ban.
Chinese car production is outpacing domestic demand, and makers need to start exporting to close the widening gap, the Economic Information Daily quoted authorities as saying on Tuesday.
Industry specialists predict that by 2000, China would have an annual production capacity of 1.2-to-1.4 million light goods and passenger vehicles, with the demand at about 800,000 units, the newspaper said.
Production capactiy for light vehicles would rise to 1.7-to-1.8 vehicles for each one in demand.
That compares with a ratio of about 1.4-to-1.0 in 1995, it said.
China produced just 555,000 light vehicles in 1995 despite having an annual production capacity of more than 800,000 units, it said, quoting statistics from the Ministry of Machine-Building Industry.
Mazda's new ad campaign sports unlikely celebrity.
Wallace, a famous figure in Japan as the first foreigner to head a major Japanese firm, is to star in Mazda's new advertising campaign.
The 50-year-old Wallace will appear in full-page Mazda advertisments in five major Japanese newspapers on Thursday.
Mazda broke with corporate tradition by putting a foreigner in the driving seat and is doing so again with its new sales promotion -- it is rare for a Japanese company to use photos of its top management in a campaign to sell its merchandise.
The figures were completely out of line with forecasts by leading economists.
One of China's propaganda tsars has vowed that boosting the flagging fortunes of Communist Party publications will be his top task next year, the People's Daily said on Tuesday.
"This is a solemn political mission ... the most important of important tasks," the newspaper quoted Xu Guangchun, deputy head of the Communist Party's Propaganda Department, as saying.
Authorities want to boost the circulation of the People's Daily -- the Communist Party mouthpiece -- and Qiushi magazine -- a bi-monthly devoted to political theory -- in government offices, factories and schools, the newspaper said
The circulation of the People's Daily in Beijing alone has plunged by about 30 percent this year, alarming propaganda officials, a Chinese source said.
The Communist Party controls the mass media, using them as tools of ideological propaganda.
Standard Chartered makes Philippines a priority.
Standard Chartered Bank, the oldest but least active foreign bank in Manila, has embarked on an expansion programme to ensure it is not left behind as competition in the Philippine banking sector intensifies.
"We moved the Philippines in terms of (the bank's global) priority from kind of the bottom up to almost the top," the bank's Philippine chief executive, Eirvin Knox, said in an interview on Tuesday.
While London-based Standard Chartered was reducing staff levels globally, its Manila unit aimed to double its current 220 employees in the next two years, Knox said.
It has increased its capital to 1.5 billion pesos, five times the government-mandated minimum.
It is expanding treasury operations and installing a new dealing room, and plans to introduce new products including a credit card which should be available early next year.
President Enterprises, Taiwan's largest processed food company, has set a 1996 pretax profit target of T$4.6 billion on sales of T$27.2 billion.
Thai opposition gears up for no-confidence debate.
Debate on the motion will begin on September 11, an opposition member of parliament (MP) told Reuters.
The opposition has said it was confident there was enough strong evidence to bring down Banharn's 13-month old coalition, which has been rocked by the withdrawal of one of its member parties.
Taiwan accidents could cost oil giant T$2 billion.
"Fishermen in the Kaohsiung area and residents near the oil polluted No.5 naphtha cracker have demanded about T$1.7 billion in various types of compensation," Chinese Petroleum official Huang Yaw-hao said.
"Losses in production and repair costs are close to T$300 million over these incidents."
Negotiations for compensation were under way and plaintiffs have asked for a final deal by Friday, Huang said.
Where in the world is Taiwan's vice-president?.
Where in the world is Taiwanese Vice-President Lien Chan?
Taiwan's government knows where he is, acknowledging that Lien is making a private visit to a country where Taiwan has no diplomatic ties, apparently in Europe.
But officials have bent over backward to keep Lien's travels secret, knowing Beijing will savage any diplomatic friend that accords anything resembling an official welcome to a leader of what Beijing regards as Taiwan's illegitimate government.
China not seen importing rice in wake of floods.
China is unlikely to need to buy rice on the international market to make up for flood damage to domestic crops, Far East traders said on Tuesday
"As far as large demand from the (central grain) reserve, COFCO (China National Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Import Export Corp) or the grain bureaux goes, I rule it out," said a Chinese trader in Shanghai.
No China inquiries for rice were reported by traders in China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Thailand.
China's Futures Herald newspaper, quoting State Grain Reserve Administration statistics, said on Saturday that although flood damage had reduced the early rice harvest and was likely to slow planting of late rice, total output for 1996 was expected to be unaffected.
This is because China has increased the area under rice cultivation this year, the newspaper said, adding that the reduction in the early harvest should not have a significant effect on the total grain harvest due to higher production of other crops, it said.
No China inquiries for rice were reported by traders in China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Thailand.
Samsung to spin-off commercial car unit.
Samsung Heavy Industries Co, a unit of the Samsung Group, said on Tuesday it would officially spin-off its commercial vehicle division into a wholly-owned subsidiary on Thursday.
The new company, tentatively named "Samsung Commercial Vehicle Ltd," will have a paid-in capital of 100 billion won, a Samsung Heavy spokesman said.
The subsidiary plans to invest 1.2 trillion won until 1999 in capacity expansion, a statement from Samsung Heavy said.
The company expects annual production to reach 50,000 light trucks by September 1998 and steadily increase to 200,000 units.
It also plans to become one of the world's top 10 commercial vehicle makers by 2003.
State-run Tehran radio said the refinery deal was signed in Islamabad by Iran's Oil Minister Gholamreza Aghazadeh and Pakistani Production Minister Mohammad Asghar.
The radio said the two Moslem neighbours would invest jointly in the construction of the 120,000 barrels per day (bpd) refinery in Pakistan's southwestern Balochistan Province.
"It has been estimated that the construction of this refinery will cost $1.2 billion, 75 percent of which will be met by international sources and the rest will be paid jointly by the two countries," the radio added without giving financing details.
Tuesday's deal follows a controversial $23 billion accord last week with Tehran's western neighbour Turkey to supply it with Iranian natural gas to the year 2020.
Iran says signs $1.2bln Pakistan oil refinery deal.
Iran said it signed on Tuesday a $1.2 billion deal to build a joint oil refinery in Pakistan, appearing again to work around U.S. moves to choke Tehran's oil industry.
Kuwait firm takes majority stake in Saudi company.
Kuwait Investment Projects Company said on Tuesday it purchased a majority stake in Saudi Arabian Dairy and Food Company.
"We bought 73 percent of SADFCO from Kuwaiti investors and a Saudi investor," an official in the Kuwaiti company said.
The rest of the shares are held by Saudi citizens.
The official could not give a value for the deal but he told Reuters "the purpose of the move is to expand our operations in the Gulf."
The Kuwait firm, which has a capital of 105 million dinars ($351.2 million), is a listed investment company.
"The budget deficit is estimated to reach $127 million dollars and around $64 million still needs financing," Larsen told reporters at a news conference on the Palestinian economy.
The provident funds of Israel Discount Bank were selling shares today, but there were no buyers," said Yoram Ben-Yaeir at Ahrayut Investment Management.
The deficit in the seven months to July jumped to 564 trillion lira ($6.58 billion) from 103.3 trillion lira in the same 1995 period and compared with 475.4 trillion in the first half, Finance Minister Abdulatif Sener told a news conference.
The Islamist-led coalition will have to start producing results soon from its economic reform plans if it is to meet its budget deficit target for the year as a whole, analysts said.
Shortly after the government came to power in late June, Sener revised the 1996 budget deficit target to 1,300 trillion lira from an original target of 861 trillion and compared with a deficit of 317 trillion in 1995.
Nile Delta proves fertile ground for natgas - Amoco.
Turkey pins hopes on nuclear energy, natural gas.
Recai Kutan, energy minister of the Islamist coalition government that struck a multi-billion dollar gas supply deal with Iran last week, said power generation from nuclear energy was inevitable despite environmentalist concerns.
"Nuclear power is a must for Turkey," he told a meeting of businessmen in the western city of Izmit.
We cannot build big hydroenergy power plants every year
We must make use of our nuclear energy potential," he said in remarks carried by Anatolian news agency.
Iran pins hope on Petronas deal to ease isolation.
Tehran is banking on Malaysia's Petronas acquisition of a 30 percent stake in a project to develop two oil and gas fields in Iran to deflect intense U.S. efforts to isolate the Islamic republic.
It also indicates that the U.S. position is not shared by foreign oil companies," an Iranian oil official told Reuters by telephone from Tehran on Tuesday.
"The deal indicates that the U.S. cannot dictate its own will."
It provides jobs and revenue
Saudi king stresses agriculture's role in economy.
Saudi Arabia's King Fahd said the agriculture sector played a vital role in the oil-dominated economy and the kingdom was encouraging private sector investment in agriculture, Saudi Press Agency said on Tuesday.
"This sector will continue to play a vital role in the country's economic diversification drive by expanding its links with other sectors," he told a cabinet meeting on Monday.
He said the private sector would continue to play a leading role in agricultural development and the government would support those efforts by providing research and facilities.
The king said the sector was an "indivisible part" of Saudi Arabia's overall security.
But this will be a new airlines.
The department will make a final ruling following the comment period, Mosley said.
U.S. tentatively approvss a new Pan AM airlines.
The Transportation Department on Tuesday gave its tentative approval for Pan American Airlines to fly again.
The 57-year-old president of a U.S. subsidiary of Japan's Sanyo Electric Co looked tired and fragile, and refused to say when he would return to work.
Konno was found in the basement of an unoccupied building in Tijuana, just south of the Mexican border, early on Monday morning.
Former Orange County Treasurer takes stand in trial.
Dollar rises vs. yen after trade report.
I'm washing my hands of the entire matter.
Huntsman Corp. is not interested in pursuing further negotiations nor in commencing an unsolicited tender offer at this time.
It is simply not worth the aggravation," said Jon Huntsman, chief executive officer and chairman of the family-owned company based in Salt Lake City.
The computer chip maker, which has 20,000 employees worldwide, said in June that it expected some layoffs as part of "cost containment" measures associated with the spin-off of its new unit, Fairchild Semiconductor.
At the time, National Semiconductor said it expected to take a charge of $280 million to $320 million in the current quarter, in part to cover the cost of the work-force reductions
The job cuts were mainly in the administrative and manufacturing support areas.
The Columbus, Ohio-based company also said it would sell its Spry Inc. software unit as part of the cost cuts.
The loss of $29.6 million, or 32 cents a share, in the fiscal first quarter ended July 31, compared with last year's quarterly profit of $26.8 million, or 36 cents a share.
The oldest major online service, second only to America Online Inc., reported total revenues of $208.6 million for the quarter vs. $186.5 million in the previous year's quarter
Levi Strauss launches new slacks line.
Levi Strauss &amp; Co. said Tuesday it was launching a line of slacks meant to appeal to men who don't like suits, in only the third major brand introduction in the company's 140-year history.
The new slacks, to be called Slates, will be marketed as dressier than the company's famous jeans or its Dockers pants brand, but not as formal as suits.
The pants, to be aimed at men in their 30s and 40s who grew up wearing Levi's jeans and Dockers khakis, are meant to give a big boost to the San Francisco-based clothing company, though how well men accept the new line remains to be seen, industry analysts said.
Those men want something different to wear as the workplace gets more casual, "a new look for business and social occasions that falls between casual cotton pants and suits," Westfall said.
The magazine said consumers should stop buying the models, called for an immediate recall of the approximately 35,000 cars that have been sold and said repairs or replacement models should be offered by the manufacturer.
"We don't think a vehicle that has these characteristics should do what it did when subjected to this not inconceivable situation," said Bob Knoll, director of testing for Consumer Reports' auto division, in a telephone interview
A spokesman for Isuzu defended the vehicles.
The Treasury Department must send a report to Congress by April 1, 1997, on alternative means of collecting the diesel tax, first levied in 1994.
U.S. diesel tax suspended for pleasure boats
President Clinton Tuesday signed legislation to suspend the 24.4 cents per gallon federal tax on diesel fuel used by recreational boaters.
Members of the Federal Open Market Committee are expected to be careful as they juggle upcoming data, such as the August employment report due Sept. 6, and the vicissitudes of the political race for the White House.
Fed stays put, leaving economists pondering its next move.
The Federal Reserve's Federal Open Market Committee left interest rates unchanged at its meeting Tuesday, leaving economists and analysts pondering what the central bank might do next.
Based on early and unofficial data, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 21.82 points at 5,721.26.
Those wanting to rent Hertz cars will be able to do so despite the strike, said a spokesman for Hertz, the world's largest car rental firm and a unit of Ford Motor Co.
Hertz managers were staffing customer service counters, courtesy buses and vehicle service areas left abandoned Monday by members of Teamsters Local 781, said Hertz's Joe Russo.
If needed, Hertz was prepared to maintain interim staffing through the convention at the affected locations at O'Hare and Midway airports, as well as two downtown offices, he said.
Orem, Utah-based Novell's IntranetWare is a full-service intranet and Internet access product for businesses of all sizes.
Novell Inc. unveils intranet product.
Novell Inc. Tuesday unveiled its new IntranetWare software, intended to establish the computer networking company in the growing market for internal corporate networks known as intranets.
With IntranetWare, Novell opens our product line and (our) 55 million customers to the future of networking," said Novell Chairman Robert Frankenberg.
The company provides software for an estimated 1 million networks with 55 million users.
1 and by 40 cents to $5.15 on Sept. 1, 1997.
The Federal Aviation Administration's action means the carrier is again allowed to operate all of its 15 aircraft.
ValuJet begins saftey "proving runs" with FAA.
ValuJet Inc. said it began two-days of federal safety "proving runs" Tuesday, in hopes of getting a regulatory green light to resume scheduled flights this week.
The discount carrier, which suspended operations in June amid a series of alleged safety violations and after a deadly crash, also has recalled 70 pilots and 100 flight attendants to staff flights to five cities in the event that ValuJet receives final approval from the Federal Aviation Administration.
FAA inspectors Tuesday morning began putting a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 and two ValuJet crews through various flight exercises, including emergency procedures, said airline spokesman Gregg Kenyon
A ValuJet DC-9 crew consists of a pilot, a co-pilot and three flight attendants.
The proving runs were scheduled to continue through Wednesday afternoon.
Gateway goes retail with Destination PC/TV.
Mail-order computer merchant Gateway 2000 Inc. said Tuesday it will sell its Destination personal computer, which combines the features of a home computer with those of a big-screen television, in stores.
The computer will be the only Gateway product sold through retail chains, the North Sioux City, Iowa-based company announced in New York.
Chrysler sets plans for $315 million Brazil plant.
The investment in Argentina will be $65 million, the nation's third-largest automaker said
The new Brazilian plant, which will be Chrysler's third in South America, will assemble the compact Dakota pickup truck for sale in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay, the countries in the so-called Mercosur free-trade zone.
A site for the Brazilian plant will be selected by year-end and vehicles will roll of the assembly line starting in mid-1998, Chrysler said.
Decision nears on Indiana tobacco suit.
A jury in Marion County Superior Court was expected to begin deliberations in the case on Wednesday or Thursday.
Kansas Attorney General Carla Stovall was to hold a news conference Tuesday to give details of the filing.
Commerce Secretary Mickey Kantor told a news conference that the Clinton administration was "extremely resolute" about trying to break down Chinese barriers to U.S.-made goods.
New bilateral irritants emerged, though, as the trade shortfall with China swelled 8.8 percent to $3.33 billion to become the biggest with any country
Standex International Corp said on Tuesday that it has acquired assets of Vidalia Onion Store of Peachtree City, Georgia for an undisclosed maount of cash.
Vidalia Onion is a mail order marketer of Vidalia onions grown in Georgia and has annual sales of about $2 million.
Manufactured housing maker Champion to acquire Redman.
Champion Enterprises Inc. has a definitive agreement to acquire Redman Industries Inc., another major manufactured housing company, in a stock deal valued at about $365.5 million, they said Tuesday.
The deal would combine the second- and third-largest companies in the manufactured housing business, creating an entity that would rival Fleetwood Enterprises Inc. as the industry's leader.
Under the agreement, Champion will offer 1.24 shares of its stock for each of Dallas-based Redman's 13.36 million shares outstanding in a tax-free pooling of interests.
Auburn Hills, Mich.-based Champion said it would issue about 17 million shares in the merger and would have 51 million shares outstanding after the deal.
AMEX to extend use of electronic book.
The American Stock Exchange (AMEX) said on Tuesday it signed an agreement with OM Stockholm to extend the use of the AMEX Options Display Book (AODB) to its options specialists floorwide.
AODB is a fully-automated electronic book designed to replace paper books currently used by options specialists.
The agreement followed a five-month pilot phase during which more than 20 percent of AMEX equity options were transferred to AODB, the exchange said in a statement.
The AMEX said it expected all current and future options and options-related products to be on the electronic book within 12 months.
Tenneco unit buys Argentine exhaust maker.
Tenneco Automotive said Tuesday one of its units had acquired Argentinian exhaust manufacturer Minuzzi as part of its plan to establish exhaust manufacturing operations in Argentina and neighbouring Brazil.
Tenneco did not elaborate on terms of the acquisition of the company, which it described as Argentina's second-largest exhaust manufacturer.
It said it was the first time that its Walker Manufacturing unit had entered the South American market.
Tenneco Automotive already operates in Brazil through its Monroe ride control division.
Tenneco said Minuzzi, which provides exhaust products for Volkswagen, Daimler-Benz AG and General Motors Corp., would provide just-in-time products to Ford Motor Co. for its 1997 Escort.
The judgment was issued by United States District Court Judge David Alan Ezra.
In his order granting the judgment, the judge wrote,  "... the statements in the Prospectus were neither false nor misleading on their own or in light of the information then available to the market," according to Radica.
Imports were $2.535 billion, compared with $2.844 billion the previous month.
The cumulative surplus in farm trade was $13.667 billion in the first six months of the year, compared with $11.400 billion in the same period last year.
U.S. farm trade surplus $1.741 billion in June.
The U.S. trade surplus in agricultural commodities was $1.741 billion in June, down from a revised $1.879 billion in May, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
Wall Street stocks little changed at open.
U.S. stocks were steady at the open on Tuesday as investors took a cautious approach ahead of the conclusion of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting.
"There may be some more volume today but it should shape up like yesterday, limited to special situations," said Larry Wachtel, market analyst at Prudential Securities.
Wall Street stocks seen steady ahead of FOMC.
U.S. stocks were expected to continue in a holding pattern ahead of tuesday's meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee.
Fed seen holding U.S. interest rates steady.
The U.S. Federal Reserve meets on Tuesday to discuss the future course of interest rates and is widely expected to keep rates steady amid mixed signals on the economy.
"The speeches made by various Fed governors and by bank presidents recently are not pointing toward tightening," said Preston Martin, chairman of HomeVest Financial Services Inc. in San Francisco.
"I would think the odds are very heavily weighted toward the prospect that there will be no change at the next policy making meeting," said Martin, a former Fed vice chairman.
The Fed's policy-making Federal Open Market Committee is due to start meeting at 9 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT).
If past practice is followed, any decision by the FOMC should be announced around 2:15 p.m. EDT (1815 GMT).
U.S. Justice Dept hacker reveals Internet flaws.
Netscape, countering Microsoft's high-profile launch of its Internet Explorer 3.0 last week, said it had linked up with more than 20 content providers, including The New York Times and Sportsline USA, to offer tailored news and information to users.
Microsoft last week made a similar offer, saying that users who download its new browser would get free trial subscriptions to The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition, ESPN SportsZone and other services.
Suit against Lloyd's dismissed in New York.
Lloyd's of London said a U.S. federal court had granted Lloyd's motion to dismiss a lawsuit brought against it by four Lloyd's Names -- J. David Tufts III, James D. Tufts II, Albert B. Crutcher and Linda Tufts Hebbler.
In a statement late on Monday, Lloyd's said Judge John F. Keenan of the United States District Court in the Southern District of New York ruled that the plaintiff's evidence "fails to support their claim."
The court focused on the choice clauses included in the General Undertaking.
Keenan followed precedents set in three other lawsuits against Lloyd's by plaintiffs who brought evidence seeking to prove that Lloyd's, and certain parties and entities affiliated with it, knew the extent of the liabilities that Names faced by participating in some syndicates.
A spokesman for the American Cancer Society said it was discussing other partnerships with its skin care and nutritional products companies.
SmithKline, Cancer Society in tie-in - NYT.
Britain's SmithKline Beecham Plc will pay $1 million a year to the American Cancer Society and put the society's name on SmithKline's Nicoderm smoking-cessation patches, The New York Times reported on Tuesday.
The move is the latest marketing marriage of a drug maker and a non-profit health care association.
With the deal, SmithKline stole a march on rival Johnson &amp; Johnson, which recently introduced its own non-prescription nicotine skin patch, Nicontrol, as well as an over-the-counter version of Nicorette chewing gum to help smokers quit.
PAP quoted a report by the Samar agency, which monitors the domestic car market, as saying that about 230,766 units were sold over the period, up from 173,435 a year earlier.
The Polish unit of Fiat led the market with 98,545 units sold, but its market share shrank to 43 percent this year from 51 percent in 1995.
Other top sellers include Daewoo-FSO, a unit of South Korea's Daewoo Corp , General Motors' German unit Adam Opel AG and France's Renault .
Samar Director Wojciech Drzewiecki has earlier predicted that Poland's auto sales should exceed 300,000 this year, compared to about 265,000 in 1995.
In July 48 firms on the main and parallel markets showed a real net profit growth year-on-year compared with 34 firms over the first six months.
Analysts had attributed this year's long winter to lower profits over the year's first four months.
Yockey also picked Finland's Aamulehti Yhtyma Oy , Schibsted A/S , based in Norway, and China's Guangzhou Investment Co Ltd .
DUTCH SHELL RAISES GASOLINE, DIESEL PRICES.
Royal Dutch/Shell unit Shell Nederland BV said on Tuesday it will raise its retail prices for gasolines in the Netherlands by one cent per litre and of diesel by two cents per litre with effect from August 22.
The moves reflect changes in international product prices and the value of the dollar against the guilder, the company said.
From Thursday the price of premium unleaded gasoline at Shell's self-service stations goes up to 2.05 guilders per litre.
The price of premium leaded rises to 2.21 guilders and that of Euro regular unleaded to 2.00 guilders.
The recommended price for diesel goes up to 1.42 guilders per litre, Shell said.
"June does not seem to have brought any change to the weak development of restaurant sales in the early months this year," the council said.
RAISIO TARGETS FIM 300 MLN POLAND SALES.
Finnish food and chemicals group Raision Tehtaat Oy said in a statement on Tuesday its net sales target in Poland this year was 300 million markka.
It said Raisio's Polish subsidiary had reached a 12 percent share of the Polish margarine market.
"The (Polish) company's managing director Seppo Heinio says that this year's objective is a turnover of FIM 300 million," Raisio said.
A statement said an earlier forecast of somewhat weaker full-year income before the sale of fixed assets compared with 1995 remained unchanged.
He declined to give further details.
Subscribers attempting to connect to the service, which embattled Europe Online had managed to keep going up to the end, found a message saying it could not be accessed.
Europe Online has ceased to operate
In March British government scientists said they had identified a new strain of the human brain disorder Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease that was most likely linked to eating beef infected with BSE, or mad cow disease.
The increase "primarily reflected the consolidation of National Mutual during the period," said the company, the most geographically diversified of France's insurers.
Axa acquired control of National Mutual last year for $A1.1 billion.
In 1995, around 40 percent of Viag's first-half profit was the result of one-time gains from the sale of its 43.4 percent stake in Germany's biggest paper maker PWA and other major changes in shareholdings.
Viag sees 1996 net at 1995 levels despite H1 fall.
In 1995 the number stagnated.
The Bel-20 index had to battle its way through resistance above 1,750
Holdings keep a rein on Belgian bourse gain.
France's MATIF aims to be centre of Euro trade.
France's Matif, the second largest European derivatives exchange, said on Tuesday it aimed to be a main trading centre for euro-denominated interest rate contracts, following collapse of alliance attempts with Germany's stock and options body.
"The goal for the Matif is to create in Paris benchmark interest rate products in Euros," said a spokeswoman for the Matif
"That's the centrepiece of our strategy," she said.
strategy," she said.
The Euro is the currency to be introduced under European economic and monetary union slated to start on January 1, 1999.
The German stock and options market exchange, Deutsche Boerse, rang down the curtain last week on cooperation efforts, saying it was "not possible to develop common products right now."
The Fed is thought likely to leave rates unchanged.
But regardless of its decision the prospect of Thursday's Bundesbank meeting should make sure volumes remain minimal for the next two days, with trading limited to a narrow range.
Turnover totalled around 21 billion pesetas.
Holzmann says aims for break-even in 1996.
German construction group Philipp Holzmann AG said on Tuesday it aimed to achieve break-even point in 1996, saying that special earnings would offset an expected negative operating result.
The group said in a statement that it would dissolve some hidden reserves in order to compensate for a negative operating result, possible losses on property sales and write-offs associated with its restructuring of its portfolio.
Holzmann says aims for break-even in =2
Italy communists unlikely to floor Prodi - analysts.
Italy's hard-left leader Fausto Bertinotti, who has said he is firmly opposed to the sale of state telecoms group Stet, is unlikely to bring down prime minister Romano Prodi over the issue, analysts said on Tuesday.
The government says it wants to sell the company by the end of March of next year.
Swiss jobs firm Adia to merge with Ecco of France.
Shareholders of Swiss temporary employment firm Adia on Tuesday approved a merger with Ecco of France that will create one of the world's biggest personnel companies.
The new firm, Adecco SA, will rival the world's biggest personnel firm, Manpower Inc. of the United States, although it will have only a small share of the U.S. market.
Adecco shares will be listed on the Swiss Exchange and as American Depositary Receipts on the U.S. Nasdaq market
Turnover was a moderately lively 310 million markka with Amer grabbing a 16 percent slice and Nokia accounting for 14 percent.
The AEX index closed up 4.87 points at 565.72, just off the day's high of 565.89.
But cash piles and evidence of investors buying on dips indicate the downside potential may be limited, dealers said.
It earned 1.077 billion ($187.1 million) in the same period last year.
Greek PM Simitis to call early elections on Friday.
Greek Prime Minister Costas Simitis looks set to call early elections on Friday citing as reasons the economy and relations with Turkey, government officials said on Tuesday.
We expect the announcement on Friday after a special cabinet meeting
All indications at the moment show that the premier will call early elections to take place in late September or early October," one official told Reuters.
Government spokesman Dimitris Reppas reiterated on Tuesday that Simitis will announce his final decision on the matter this week.
Elections are now scheduled for October next year.
Jungfraubahn prices new shares at 220 Sfr.
Jungfraubahn Holding AG, which owns the transportation network surrounding the towering Jungfrau mountain in central Switzerland, said on Tuesday it would issue new registered shares at 220 Swiss francs each.
Jungfraubahn is by far the largest operator of scenic, tourist railways in Switzerland
Its goal is to market the prime tourist attractions of the Jungfrau region, which includes the Eiger, Moench and Jungfrau mountains as well as the picturesque towns of Grindelwald, Wengen, Muerren and Interlaken.
Jungfraubahn's chairman Walter Reinhardt told a news conference the company had applied for a listing of the shares on the Swiss Exchange from August 29.
The comparison with the first half of 1995 was rendered less flattering by a positive restructuring item of 102 million crowns taken in the second quarter of 1995.
Ex-Mannesmann chief to seek legal advice.
Werner Dieter, former chief executive of Mannesmann AG, said he would seek legal advice before deciding whether to accept a deal offered by prosecutors.
In an interview with the newspaper Boersen Zeitung published on Tuesday, Dieter said he had not yet received the prosecutors' offer directly, but had only learned of it through news media.
According to the reports, prosecutors offered to drop their investigation against Dieter, who stepped down as management board chief in July 1994, if he agreed to pay a fine of one million marks ($671,000)
He is suspected of having steered Mannesmann contracts to a family-run company.
Talks resume in German retail pay dispute.
German retail workers' unions on Tuesday resumed regional talks with shopowners aimed at agreeing a wage and work hours deal to cope with the liberalisation of German shopping hours in November.
Unions are pressing for broader adoption of a regional deal struck in Rhineland-Palatinate which called for workers to get a 1.85 percent wage rise plus 20 percent extra time in lieu per hour worked after 6:30 p.m. weekdays and 2:00 p.m. Saturdays.
Div registration date  Nov 19 NOTE - Irish-based food company Kerry Group Plc said that net debt amounted to 372 million Irish pounds at June 30, 1996 and shareholders funds, including deferred income, were 345 million.
"There will be a contact this afternoon between Mr Rexrodt and Mr Van Miert to see how to proceed with this affair and how to calm the proceedings down a little bit," spokesman Nikolaus van der Pas told a news conference.
Rexrodt and Van Miert to talk about VW aid.
Frankfurt dollar fix 1.4901 marks.
The dollar was fixed at 1.4901 marks in Frankfurt on Tuesday, after 1.4902 marks on Monday.
There was no Bundesbank intervention.
It said it was the first time that seizures of CD pirates overtook seizures of cassete pirates.
It said most of the illegal CDs seized were bootleg recordings and were seized in two raids in the spring.
It said many of the seized bootlegs are entering the country from abroad and are being intercepted by federal agencies, such as the Customs Service.
Clinton said ready to announce tobacco curbs.
Inco finally takes control of Diamond Fields bounty.
Nickel giant Inco Ltd., after besting suitors and facing down legal challenges, said said on Wednesday that it has finally closed its C$4.3 billion ($3.2 billion) takeover of Diamond Fields Resources Inc.
The closing gives Inco, already one of the world's biggest nickel miners, a leading role in the nickel market for years to come with the acquisition of the massive copper-cobalt-nickel deposit in remote Voisey's Bay, Labrador, in northeastern Canada.
Diamond Fields shareholders had the choice to take common shares in Inco, cash up to a maximum of C$350 million ($256 million), preferred shares in Inco or a new class of VBN shares to participate directly in the Voisey's Bay deposit.
Inco said Wednesday the full C$350 million was paid out.
The company also distributed a total of 50.3 million common shares, 25.9 million Inco class VBN shares and 9.4 million preferred shares as part of the acquisition.
Prices accelerated quickly for about five years but leveled off around 1994, though the rarest boards and ones in mint condition continue to appreciate.
Collectible even if you can't ride one.
Bonn has led efforts to ensure consumer protection tops the list of priorities in dealing with the mad cow crisis, which erupted in March when Britain acknowledged humans could contract a similar illness by eating contaminated beef.
"Until this is cleared up by the European Union's scientific panels -- and we have asked this to be done as quickly as possible -- (consumers) should if at all possible give preference to sheepmeat from other countries," ministry official Werner Zwingmann told ZDF television.
The Commodity Research Bureau's index of 17 futures contracts closed down 0.81 at 249.84 points.
Crude oil traders at the New York Mercantile Exchange have been hit by a double dose of bearish news.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 31.44 points at 5,689.82 after gaining 56 points from Friday to Tuesday.
Saatchi, who helped the Conservatives win four general elections in a row, is behind a much-vilified newspaper campaign this month which depicts opposition Labour Party leader Tony Blair with devillish red eyes.
Ad legend Maurice Saatchi made lord.
Continental Airlines adds E-mail service.
Continental Airlines said Wednesday it has launched a service on the Internet that will automatically send travelers information on fare discounts and other promotions via electronic mail.
Continental said the new service will give subscribers weekly updates on the special deals.
It said it would not charge a user fee for the service, called "Continental On Line Travel Specials".
Continental said customers can subscribe to the service through the table of contents at its World Wide Web site at http://www.flycontinental.com or in the third quadrant of its Web site entitled "Flying the Net".
The airline recently added its stock quote, which is updated every fifteen minutes, to its Web site, and plans to add flight and ticketing information later this year.
The profits beat consensus estimates by two U.S. cents a share, and made plain that warnings about the company's first-quarter earnings from two analysts last month were unjustified, some industry analysts said.
It's a quarter that if you were a bear on Newbridge, you would have a very hard time finding anything to complain about
Japan eyes big U.S. deal with H2 rocket.
Rocket System Corp., a consortium of 74 Japanese high-tech firms, announced last month it had reached a "basic agreement" with Hughes to launch the 12 satellites using an advanced model of the H2 rocket.
Gone is the language of the liberation struggle, with its talk of redistribution and nationalisation
Instead, the ANC is singing the benefits of budget cuts and privatisation.
Critics talk of a sell-out
It also is being billed as a regional project, placing within easy trucking distance the Pacific and Atlantic ports that Honduras and El Salvador, respectively, currently lack.
Thomas Elder of the New Orleans-based Trans-World Traders consulting firm, proposes a continuous loop rail system between Trujillo on the Caribbean Sea and Amapala on the Pacific side's Gulf of Fonseca.
Trains would be electrically powered versions of the French fast train or Japanese bullet train powered by natural gas coming from a Gulf of Mexico pipeline.
Brief look at competing "canal" proposals.
A growing list of countries are seeking to compete with the Panama Canal.
Canal Interoceanico de Nicaragua (CINN) proposes building new deep-water ports on the Atlantic and Pacific Coasts as well as a 234-mile (377-km) high-speed rail link, some of it through virgin rainforest.
He succeeds Robert Peiser, who left the company in June over differences in management direction, a TWA spokesman said.
Most recently, Soule served as chief financial officer of the St. Louis-based brokerage firm, Edward D. Jones &amp; Co. Soule left Jones in 1995 to study at Washington University.
TWA names new chief financial officer.
Trans World Airlines Inc. said Wednesday it named Edward Soule as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
Growth in European personal computer sales is expected to slow by more than half, but the industry will still expand at a rate most industries only dream about,according to Compaq Computer Corp.
Compaq Wednesday began selling its Presario line of computers in Britain, France, Italy and the Netherlands.
It hopes the Presarios, which sell for $2,000 to $5,000, will be simple enough to allow it to make a play for a largely untapped mass market for PCs.
Last year, growth was 35 percent," Compaq's Consumer Group vice president, Toon Bouten, said in an interview.
Zimbabwe public servants call off strike.
Zimbabwean civil servants on Wednesday called off a strike that partially paralysed some critical essential services, the state news agency ZIANA said.
The agency quoted Palmer Chinosengwa, an executive member of the Public Service Association (PSA) union, as saying the strike over pay was suspended following an agreement by the government to discuss their grievances.
Campbell to cut staff, sell Swanson -- report.
Campbell Soup Co. is planning to cut its headquarters staff of 1,500, shut one of four major soup plants and divest some brand names, including Swanson frozen foods, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported Wednesday
A Campbell spokesman called the newspaper report speculative but did not deny it, which cited company sources and Wall Street analysts.
"We are engaged in a process to unlock resources to grow our company," said Campbell spokesman Jerry Buckley.
He acknowledged that Campbell has commissioned a study of operations by the management consulting firm Coopers &amp; Lybrand.
"We use consultants all the time," he said.
Daimler, AT&amp;T to bid for German phone licence - report.
AT&amp;T Corp. and the Debis unit of Daimler-Benz AG are planning to form a consortium to bid for the E2 cellular phone licence in Germany, a weekly magazine said Wednesday.
According to a report in the Wirtschafts Woche business magazine, Debis, AT&amp;T and its European partner Unisource NV are working on a bid for the licence, which will be awarded next year.
AT&amp;T was not immediately available for comment and a spokesman for Debis called the report speculation.
The report was released ahead of publication on Friday.
Industry observers have long thought it likely that Debis would make a bold step into the telecoms arena ahead of liberalisation of the sector in 1998.
At the centre of the controversy are NU's two Connecticut nuclear facilities: Millstone and Connecticut Yankee.
The plants, with a combined generating capacity of about 3,282 megawatts, or about half of the state's power demand, were shut in March and July, respectively, amid safety concerns raised by the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
London precious metals drift, seek impetus.
"(Gold) may this week re-try $388-$390 (an ounce). There's resistance there, but maybe not as much as people think. We've already been there recently," a dealer said, referring to gold's failed attempt to clear the $390 level this month.
All eyes will be on the Bundesbank's council meeting on Thursday
Police spokesmen were unavailable for immediate comment, but PSA officials said they were definite their colleagues were in police custody.
"We in Kiev regard Taiwan as an integral part of China. Nothing should damage our relations with China," Foreign Minister Hennady Udovenko told reporters.
We think the private trip of the Taiwanese representative on a private invitation should not be enough to worsen Ukrainian-Chinese relations."
The visitors had been due to arrive on Wednesday for five days and hold meetings with President Leonid Kuchma and Prime Minister Pavlo Lazarenko.
The French oil group Total SA on Monday said Petronas had taken a 30 percent stake in Iran's Sirri A and E fields through its Carigali subsidiary, in a deal approved by Iranian authorities.
Malaysia unfazed by sanctions talk over Iran deal.
Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad shrugged off on Wednesday the possibility of U.S. sanctions after the state oil company Petronas agreed to buy into an Iranian oil field.
"We know the general feelings of the U.S.," he said in reply to questions from reporters
"We are for working with the U.S. in certain matters, and where we disagree, we will not work with them."
"We feel we have the right to make our own national decision," Mahathir said in the first official comment on the Iranian deal.
French utilities group Compagnie Generale des Eaux has agreed to run most of southeast England's commuter train services into London in return for spending 400 million pounds ($619 million) on new trains.
Britain's Office of Passenger Rail Franchising (OPRAF) said Wednesday it had decided to award a 15-year franchise contract for the South Eastern Train Company to the French group's CGEA division.
CGEA already holds one franchise, South Central, and becomes the first owner of more than one British passenger train operator -- 25 of which are in the process of being privatised.
As well as pledging to take South Eastern into profit, so that it contributes funds to the government rather than receving a subsidy, CGEA's Connex Rail unit will spend 400 million pounds ($619 million) on replacement trains over the next 10 years, with the first new trains coming in in 1999.
No charges have been laid, despite the filing by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Last week, CBI agents recovered more than $1 million in cash during a raid on two of Sukh Ram's homes
A senior Department of Telecommunications civil servant has been arrested.
On Tuesday, India prevented the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) from being adopted at disarmament talks in Geneva.
India has expressed concern that the measures could involve punitive sanctions aimed at forcing it to approve the treaty.
India sees no economic fallout from nuclear stance.
India does not expect its opposition to a global nuclear test ban treaty to damage economic relations with the rest of the world, Finance Minister P. Chidambaram said on Wednesday.
"I have been assured we don't expect any economic fallout and hope there would not be any economic fallout," Chidambaram told reporters in the Indian capital.
Still, investors keep looking for a system that will do the trick.
During the past 15 years, only 15 percent of mutual funds have beaten the stock market
One favourite is the so-called "Dogs of the Dow" approach -- also known as the Dow's Highest Yielders.
The system calls for buying five or 10 of the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average, choosing the ones that have the highest dividend yield.
Dividend yield is calculated by dividing a stock's dividend by its price.
New funds buy Dow's dogs.
The main union representing London's underground drivers, Aslef, had already accepted the pay and hours package.
Dreyfus, which is a subsidiary of Mellon Bank, said it named Keith Smith chairman, while Christopher Condron will be chief executive officer.
Smith currently serves as vice chairman of Mellon Bank, which merged with Dreyfus in August of 1994.
Condron is currently Dreyfus' president and chief operating officer.
Dreyfus says chairman to retire.
Dreyfus Corp. said Thursday that Howard Stein will retire as chairman and chief executive officer of the mutual fund company effective Aug. 31.
Edmondson said conservative figures indicate Oklahoma spent about $70 million a year in Medicaid contributions since 1980 treating patients with smoking-related illnesses.
Morton Downey to file tobacco suit.
Steven Kramer, Downey's New York City lawyer, told Reuters that the suit will be filed next month in New Jersey where Downey had lived and his show was produced.
Downey now lives in Sherman Oaks, Calif.
"He wants to speak out to stop young people from smoking," Kramer said.
Imasco to sell First Federal Savings and Loan.
Imasco Ltd. said Thursday that its CT Financial Services Inc. unit agreed to sell First Federal Savings and Loan Association of Rochester to Marine Midland Bank of Buffalo for about $680 million.
Buffalo, N.Y.-based Marine Midland is a unit of HSBC Holdings Plc, Britain's biggest banking company, which also has banking interests in Hong Kong.
Toronto-based CT Financial is 98 percent owned by Imasco, the Montreal-based tobacco and financial services company.
CT Financial will post a pretax gain of about C$320 million ($234 million) on the sale
The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is scheduled to close in three to six months.
Here is how major stock markets outside the United States ended Thursday.
The 30-share blue chip DAX index closed 13.52 points, or 0.53 percent, higher at 2,557.26 points
Precious metals, led by silver, made a half-hearted attempt to push higher late in the afternoon but quickly reverted to previous price levels.
Gold bullion closed at $386.95 an ounce in London, compared with $387.25 on Wednesday
Little change was expected until after the holidays on Monday, dealers said.
The market shrugged off news that the German Bundesbank had cut its key money market interest rate much more than expected.
"If there would be an economic upswing in the second half of the year, which is expected by some of our competitors, surely our prediction of today is very conservative," he added.
Americast signs $1 billion contract with Zenith.
Programming consortium Americast said Thursday it had signed a $1 billion contract with Zenith Electronics Corp. to buy at least three million digital set-top boxes for its home entertainment service.
Americast's partners are Ameritech Corp., BellSouth Corp., GTE Corp., SBC Communications and Walt Disney Co.
"Americast is the first home entertainment company currently requiring multiple delivery media from essentially the same box design," said William Luehrs, president of the Zenith Network Systems Division.
Reebok buys Canton, Mass., land; may move head office.
Reebok International Ltd., the athletic footwear maker, said Thursday it will buy a 42-acre site in Canton, Mass. for $13.5 million and may eventually build a corporate campus on the site.
Reebok spokeswoman Denise Kaigler said Stoughton, Mass.-based Reebok has not yet decided whether to relocate corporate offices to Canton.
"We're staying here for now. There have been no decisions made to move elsewhere," Kaigler said.
"We may want to use it, possibly, to build a corporate campus."
Reebok employs 1,500 people at its corporate offices in Stoughton, Mass. and its distribution and customer centres and other facilities in Avon, Mass.
China cuts interest rates, says no policy change.
China announced on Thursday it was cutting bank deposit and lending rates in response to easing domestic inflation.
But it also said the reduction, the second since May, did not mean a retreat from what it called "appropriately tight monetary policies".
The central People's Bank of China said it would cut bank deposit rates by an average of 1.5 percentage points and lending rates by 1.2 percentage points, effective on Friday, according to the official media.
New rates on basic savings accounts would be an annual 1.98 percent while fixed deposit rates would range from 3.33 percent for three-months to 9.0 percent for five years.
Lending rates for operating funds would be cut to 9.18 percent for six months and 10.08 percent for one year while fixed asset loans would range as high as 12.42 percent for five years or more
Faced with such conflicting evidence, the government and the Bank of England cannot agree on whether the economy needs the stimulus of another interest rate cut or whether the four rate reductions since December were excessive.
GE, Tandem in pact for electronic data system in China.
China Telecom and the China National Posts &amp; Telecommunications Appliances Corp. said Thursday they had signed a contract with two American companies to build an electronic data interchange network for banks, government organisations and local traders.
Terms of the contract GEIS International Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. were not disclosed.
Rockville, Md.-based GEIS is a unit of General Electric Co.'s GE Information Services.
China Public Electronic Data Interchange Business Network, which will operate the system, will have centres in 10 cities -- Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Shenyang, Zhengzhou, Xian, Wuhai, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Haikou.
Three other cities, Shanghai, Shangdong and Shenzhen, have already selected GEIS and Tandem as providers, GE Information Services said.
ITT Sheraton is a subsidiary of ITT Corp.
Company officials declined to reveal the size of the investment involved
We will finalise the memorandum of understanding by the end of the yea
Sheraton to take 50 percent of Koor Hotels.
ITT Sheraton International Inc. said Thursday it had signed a memorandum of understanding to form a strategic partnership for the management of hotels in Israel with Koor Tourism Enterprises.
Under the agreement, Sheraton International Inc. will take a 50 percent equity stake in Koor Hotels and Resorts, a subsidiary of Koor Tourism, which is itself a subsidiary of Koor Industries Ltd., Israel's largest industrial concern.
Canon also forecast record full-year current profits, for a second consecutive year, despite the impact of a slump in the microchip sector on its second-half results.
Exports account for 80 percent of Canon's sales.
Greek Socialists give PM ok for September poll.
"Mr Simitis will make statements after the cabinet meeting."
Government officials said that the most probable dates for the snap poll were September 22 or 29 and that Simitis would cite as reasons the economy and tense relations with Turkey.
Elections are not due until October 1997 but Simitis, one of Greece's most popular politicians, wants a new four-year term to push through tough economic decisions aimed at bringing Greece in line with its European Union partners.
An election win would also give him a free hand to deal with neighbour Turkey on wrangles over territorial rights in the Aegean Sea which brought the two countries close to war earlier this year.
The United States has tried to enlist support from the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum for its goal of removing all tariffs on information technology trade by 2000.
APEC seeks more details on U.S. infotech proposal.
A breakdown of the figures confirmed that Britain has a twin-track economy, with consumers spending increasingly freely while manufacturers continue to struggle.
The Ministry of Finance and Economy announced it would lift controls on initial public offerings (IPOs) and other share issues by domestic firms and institutions on September 1.
An earlier court ruling meant much of the evidence against Elliott and his fellow Elders' executives, Peter Scanlon and Ken Biggins, was inadmissable, the prosecution told the court.
Australian high-flier Elliott acquitted of fraud.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin has returned to Moscow after a two-day break in northwestern Russia, his press office said.
"The president returned late last night and is expected to work in the Kremlin today," a spokesman said.
"He will be working with documents and is also expected to meet some of the candidates to the still-vacant posts in the government."
Ekho Moskvy radio said the president's limousine had arrived at the Kremlin at around 9.30 a.m. (0530 GMT).
Yeltsin, 65, has been seen in public just once in seven weeks, at his August 9 inauguration for a second term in the Kremlin
China summons Ukraine ambassador in row over Taiwan.
Chinese State Councillor Li Tieying, a member of the powerful Politburo of the ruling Communist Party, has also postponed a visit to Ukraine, the spokesman said.
The former Soviet republic of Ukraine recognises China and not Taiwan.
Bidding war for Chateau Properties escalates.
The bidding war for mobile home community operator Chateau Properties Inc. escalated Wednesday as rival Sun Communities Inc. made an unsolicited, $372 million stock offer for the firm.
Zell also offered the option of a stock deal that would be worth $316 million based on the current stock price of Manufactured Home, or a combination of cash and stock.
ROC and Chateau, based in Clinton Township, Mich., agreed to merge last month in a tax-free stock swap that offered no premium to Chateau shareholders
They included a black lacquer and mother of pearl inlaid box used by Hendrix to store his drugs, which an anonymous Australian purchaser bought for 5,060 pounds ($7,845)
Rare Hendrix song draft sells for almost $17,000.
A rare early handwritten draft of a song by U.S. guitar legend Jimi Hendrix was sold for almost $17,000 on Thursday at an auction of some of the late musician's favourite possessions.
A Florida restaurant paid 10,925 pounds ($16,935) for the draft of "Ain't no telling", which Hendrix penned on a piece of London hotel stationery in late 1966
At the end of a January 1967 concert in the English city of Nottingham he threw the sheet of paper into the audience, where it was retrieved by a fan.
Buyers also snapped up 16 other items that were put up for auction by Hendrix's former girlfriend Kathy Etchingham, who lived with him from 1966 to 1969.
Gold, the most closely related of the commodity markets, shrugged off the move in a very quiet trading day and the other markets were mainly involved in squaring their books ahead of a three-day holiday weekend in Britain and Hong Kong.
Others also noted that the U.S. Federal Reserve (central bank) was likely to leave rates unchanged until after the presidential election in November having left them unchanged after a policy committee meeting this week
