"It was very hard to sleep last night because there was so much I could accomplish with this win," said Mickelson, who had a three-stroke lead entering the third round
"This was a win I wanted very, very much."
"One of the great lessons of history is that if America is prepared to fight many wars and greater wars and any wars that come, then we will fight fewer wars and lesser wars and perhaps no wars at all," said Dole.
German unions split on tactics in retail pay talks
The unions have been jointly negotiating a wage and work hours deal for the 450,000 retail workers in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, one of several regional deals being hammered out in advance of November's liberalisation of shop hours.
The big three chemical groups took the biggest battering, while utility shares benefited from interest partly generated by Viag AG's forthcoming six month earnings report.
The U.S. Federal Reserve met on Tuesday to discuss the future course of interest rates and was widely expected to keep rates steady amid mixed signals on the economy.
"The speeches made by various Fed governors and by bank presidents recently are not pointing toward tightening," said Preston Martin, chairman of HomeVest Financial Services Inc. in San Francisco.
The U.S. trade gap narrowed dramatically in June as imports of merchandise and petroleum plunged from May levels, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
Of course we are happy to see it accomplished, but would prefer to comment after we have more details," said an official with the island's Ministry of Transportation and Communications.
It had eased a bit as dealers took their profits in early European business after reaching a peak of $5.26 overnight.
Satellite broadcaster British Sky Broadcasting could link up with British Telecom to provide new services when it launches digital television next year.
"That is a possibility," said BSkyB chief executive Sam Chisholm when asked about the prospect of linking with BT to supply interactive services.
