Ericsson wins 260 mln SKR Hong Kong order.
Swedish telecoms group Ericsson on Friday said it had won a 260 million crown order from the Peoples Telephone Company (PTC) in Hong Kong for a DCS 1800 system.
July durable orders up, little slowing seen.
Orders for costly manufactured goods staged a broad-based surge in July, the Commerce Department reported on Friday, surprising financial markets and raising questions as to whether the economy is indeed slowing, as analysts had thought.
Orders for costly durable goods, ranging from communications equipment to computers, climbed 1.6 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted $172.7 billion after a revised 0.2 percent fall in June and a robust 4.2 percent May increase.
Analysts said manufacturing industries were headed into the second half of the year on a much stronger note than anticipated, freed of bulging inventories by brisk demand.
"The manufacturing sector had a rough patch but it now seems to be over," said Pierre Ellis, an economist with Lehman Brothers in New York
"Demand clearly is there and what is striking is the breadth of the increase in it."
Investors drove British stock prices to the third record close this week on Friday after overcoming jitters from unexpectedly strong U.S. sales data.
British shrug off U.S. data to hit new peak.
London shares powered to a new peak on Friday before unexpectedly strong U.S. economic data sent U.S. and European stocks into retreat.
Not only did July orders increase, but shipments of finished products rose solidly and order backlogs fattened last month, primarily because of more orders for new commercial aircxraft and parts.
U.S. durable goods orders up strongly in July.
Orders for costly manufactured goods posted broad-based gains in July, the Commerce Department said Friday, led by a jump in demand for communications equipment.
Total new orders for durable goods climbed 1.6 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted $172.7 billion -- a much more robust increase than anticipated by Wall Street economists, who had forecast orders would rise only 0.3 percent.
It was the second big increase in the past three months, including a 4.2 percent surge in May orders, and was likely to raise questions as to whether the economic expansion was decelerating as rapidly as some analysts thought.
Recreational vehicles haul up Honda profits.
Honda Motor Co Ltd announced on Friday that its first-quarter profits jumped by nearly 300 percent from a year earlier thanks to booming demand for recreational vehicles and a weaker yen.
As the shackles of interest rate worries dropped from financial markets, London shares leapt through 3,900 for the first time on Friday.
The gains of the past month have certainly been dramatic -- a near 300 point rise since July 16 and a rebound from the year's low to its high within the space of five weeks.
That move followed a stream of welcome data for markets through August which calmed fears about overheating economies and inflation in both Britain and the U.S.
The shares were indicated 13p higher at 570p by 0723 GMT.
BSkyB gains on talk of internet via TV plans.
Shares in satellite broadcaster BSkyB were sharply higher in pre-market trade on Friday following newspaper reports that the company plans to offer access to the internet as part of its digitial TV services.
Britain's blue chip stocks advanced to a new peak at Friday's opening, thanks to a 43-point rise in the Dow yesterday and the followthrough effect of yesterday's sizeable cut in the German repo rate, dealers said.
The FTSE 100 started 16.5 points up at 3,907.6, beating the previous trading high of 3,894.4 made on August 21.
But the fact that its gone through 3,900 in a reasonably big way is encouraging," a trader said.
Second line stocks were also higher, with the Mid-250 scoring a 9.1 points gain at 4,411.6, but standing nearly 160 points below its best closing level made in late April.
FTSE 100 opens up at new trading peak above 3,900.
His press service said he had empowered Lebed to hold talks aimed at a political accord defining Chechnya as an integral part of the Russian Federation.
For the week, it was up 33.29 points.
Blue-chip stocks now the dream team on Wall Street.
Blue-chip stocks have become the dream team on Wall Street as investors, burnt by the recent rout of small stocks, run to the safety of companies with proven records.
The world's most closely-watched index of 30-blue chip stocks rallied Thursday to within 45 points of its record close of 5,778.00 reached on May 22
On Friday, the market slipped on profit-taking to end at 5,722.74, off 10.73 points.
Earlier the contract traded close to four-month highs, propped up by rising demand for energy ahead of the northern hemisphere winter.
London stocks hit record, Tokyo's Nikkei falls.
LONDON - Shares finished the week as they began, setting record highs, after the Bundesbank's decision to ease monetary policy triggered cuts in interest rates across Europe on Thursday.
Stronger-than-expected U.S. data took the shine off the market briefly before shares recovered to end at a record close of 3,907.5 on the FTSE index, a rise of 16.4 points on the day and 34.6 since last Friday.
Analysts recently have been debating whether a devaluation of the crown might be needed to boost exports and help stem a ballooning current account deficit.
The IBIS DAX index, which measures all-day electronic trade in German blue-chips, ended the day up 2.70 at 2,562.12.
"The Shell investment intention shows the level of confidence in Turkey from foreign investors," said a senior energy official, who declined to be named.
The Turkish arm of the Anglo-Dutch oil giant said on Friday it had applied to the energy ministry to build a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal and power plant complex that would have a total power capacity of 2,000 megaWatts (MW).
Honda's group net profit in the first quarter of the business year that began April 1 jumped 283.4 percent from a year before to 45.71 billion yen ($423 million), mainly due to strong demand for recreational vehicles.
Managing Director Kunihiro Chujo said group profits in the first quarter were pushed up by 25 billion yen ($231 million) due to the weaker yen, which averaged 107 yen to the dollar compared with 84.45 yen to the dollar a year earlier.
Booming sales of recreational vehicles boosted operating profits by 50.6 billion yen ($468 million), the company said.
Recreational vehicles boost Japanese automaker profits.
Honda Motor Co. Ltd. said Friday its first-quarter profits nearly quadrupled from a year earlier, thanks to booming demand for recreational vehicles and a weaker yen.
Separately, Toyota Motor Corp., Japan's biggest carmaker, and Nissan Motor Co. Ltd., its closest rival, said robust demand for recreational vehicles also boosted their domestic production in July.
But he told the Edinburgh International Television Festival that the World Service was safe in his hands.
LONDON - Shares finished the week as they began, setting record highs, after the Bundesbank's decision to ease monetary policy triggered cuts in interest rates across Europe on Thursday.
Stronger-than-expected U.S. data took the shine off the market briefly before shares recovered to end at a record close of 3,907.5 on the FTSE index, a rise of 16.4 points on the day and 34.6 since last Friday.
Harris says hikes dividend 12 pct.
Electronics firm Harris Corp said its board of directors increased the quarterly dividend 12 percent to $0.38 per share, from $0.34 per share.
Harris reported record performance for its fiscal year ended June 30 with orders, sales, net income, and earnings per share all reaching new highs
The Central Florida company reported earnings per share for the year rose 16 percent to $4.58, and net income rose 15 percent to $178.4 million.
An Indiana jury on Friday ruled in favor of four tobacco companies in a liability suit filed by the widow and family of a longtime smoker who died of lung cancer.
They sought unspecified damages, contending that the tobacco industry peddled an addictive product that caused Rogers' cancer.
China's southern Guangzhou city has promised relief to foreign firms burdened by more than 200 kinds of administrative fees and charges, the official Xinhua news agency said on Saturday.
The economics ministry would take measures to boost local manufacturers's investment willingness and provide incentives for foreign investment, Wang was quoted as saying.
The draft law was designed to improve the quality of construction projects, boost safety and protect the rights of both builders and users, it said.
The committee would also consider a bill to bring order to Chinese coal mines by curbing illegal mining, poor security and bad management, it said.
"He said I would be a perfect lightening rod for a class action," Downey said.
India Bajaj Auto Apr-July turnover up.
The chief of scooter giant Bajaj Auto said on Saturday that the company's turnover rose 29 percent in the first four months of fiscal 1996/97 (April-March).
The turnover, inclusive of other income and exports, rose to 11.34 billion rupees during April-July against 8.81 billion in the year-ago period, chairman Rahul Bajaj told shareholders at the firm's annual general meeting at Pune, 125 miles from Bombay.
A company statement said total production was 26 percent higher during the period.
The company said it improved its market share for scooters to 71.8 percent in the four months against 69.7 percent in the year-ago period.
TENNIS-MEDVEDEV, DAMM REACH HAMLET CUP FINALS.
Andrei Medvedev of Ukraine, seeded fifth, and unseeded Martin Damm of Czech Republic won semifinal matches on Saturday in the Hamlet Cup tennis tournament.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT HAMLET CUP.
Finland's Juha Kankkunen produced an impressive performance in his Toyota on Saturday to open up a 37 seconds lead after six stages of the 1,000 Lakes Rally, sixth round of the world championship.
On a weekend overshadowed by Friday's fatal accident, four times world champion Kankunnen emerged from the first five of Saturday's 10 stages with a commanding advantage over his country's latest prospect, Marcus Gronholm, also in a Toyota.
The Canadian clocked a best time of one minute 50.574 seconds in his Renault-powered car just over halfway through the hour-long session and immediately before heavy rain fell.
GOLF-TIGER WOODS REACHES SEMIFINALS.
"It was a good match for me and a good win," said Sanchez
Vicario of the 73-minute victory.
"I'm happy.
I'm yelling inside me," Kucera said after holding off Chang's rally from 0-4 in the second set.
TENNIS-RESULTS AT HAMLET CUP.
Expectations were sky-high at St James' Park at the start of the season after England striker Alan Shearer joined the Tynesiders from Blackburn for a world record 15 million pounds sterling ($23.3 million).
Pakistan had reached 339 for four when the weather intervened for the final time, giving them a lead of 13 runs with two days remaining to safeguard their 1-0 lead in the three-test series.
Essex, who started the current round of matches in fifth place 20 points behind leaders Derbyshire with a game in hand, could go top if they complete victory on Monday's last day and other results favour them.
CRICKET-ANWAR KEEPS PAKISTAN ON TOP.
New Zealand made history on Saturday when they completed their first series victory in South Africa with a 33-26 victory in the second test.
The win gave the All Blacks an unbeatable 2-0 lead in the three-test series.
RUGBY UNION-NEW ZEALAND WIN FIRST SERIES IN SOUTH AFRICA.
RUGBY UNION-NEW ZEALAND DEFEAT SOUTH AFRICA
New Zealand beat South Africa 33-26 (halftime 21-11) in the second test on Saturday.
Taranaki pulled off the biggest surprise of the New Zealand rugby season by beating national champions Auckland 42-39 to lift the Ranfurly Shield at Auckland's Eden Park on Saturday.
BASKETBALL-PHILIPPINE PRO-LEAGUE RESULTS.
SAILING-U.S. ADVENTURER BREAK SAILING RECORD.
American adventurer Steve Fossett, who in 1995 completed the first solo crossing of the Pacific Ocean by balloon, on Saturday broke the world speed record for crossing it solo by sail.
Fossett, 52, sailed non-stop aboard his trimaran "Lakota" from Yokohama, Japan, to San Francisco in 20 days, 12 hours and 53 minutes, knocking three days off the speed record set by John Oman in July 1994, according to Bo Kemper, Fossett's project manager.
This is Steve's greatest accomplishment in sailing.
To be the world record holder in this will give Steve great personal satisfaction," Kemper said early on Saturday.
Brando's "Island of Dr. Moreau" opens at top of box office.
"The Island of Dr. Moreau" overcame some of the worst reviews of the year to open at the top of the U.S. box office with an estimated gross of $9.0 million at the weekend.
GOLF-MICKELSON WINS FOURTH TITLE OF YEAR IN AKRON.
Computer Associates International Inc. is expected to unveil Monday a new Internet division that promises to save businesses from the headaches of seeking numerous vendors now needed to set up and manage a Web site.
"If the technology to link the Internet and the home television can be developed it must be very attractive."
BSkyB shares rose 21p to 578p in London on Friday as the market reacted positively to a newspaper report of the planned television link to the global computer network.
"This transaction provides  Bass with the opportunity to respond positively to market trends by increasing our own competitiveness, both at home and overseas," said  Bass chairman Ian Prosser in a statement.
Lloyd's of London said on Sunday that 75 percent of its members had accepted its recovery plan as of midday on Saturday.
"We are hopeful that they can say there's nothing wrong with what we're doing."
But he was hopeful that there would be a speedy resolution to any MMC inquiry -- within an eight to nine month period.
Whitbread added there may be benefits for it if brands were released as part of the conditions for allowing the Bass purchase to go through, and expected sales opportunities "in the confusion which always exists in the aftermath of a merger".
Allied said Bass will, if required, supply substantially more than half of Allied Domecq Retailing's requirements, including Tetley Bitter, in 1998 and 1999, at pre-agreed levels of discount
Allied Domecq's sale of its half share in Anglo-Danish brewer Carlsberg-Tetley will come as a relief to the company which has tried long and hard to exit the joint venture.
Bratsk Aluminium sees output rising by 1999.
Output will rise to 800,000 tonnes in 1997 and 857,000 tonnes by 1999, he told a news conference.
"We want to return to our peak production," Gromov said.
He said peak production was 857,000 tonnes, without naming the year that was achieved, and said the company would reach that level in 1998 or 1999.
Lima shares closed slightly higher overall on purchase of second-tier shares in a low-volume session marred by technical problems at the bolsa, brokers said.
They forecast stability or gains on Tuesday due to pending purchase orders for leaders.
Among second-tier shares, miner Orcopampa gained one percent to 2.85 soles while another miner  Arcata was up 0.92 percent to 4.10 soles.
The combined company, to be called MFS WorldCom, will provide "a single source for a full range of local, long distance, Internet and international service over an advanced fiber optic network," Worldcom said.
On a 10-day Latin American tour intended to show Japanese firms the region was again ripe for investment after the "Lost Decade" of the debt crises and 1980s hyperinflation, Hashimoto had been expected to focus on bilateral issues with Cardoso
On Friday the FTSE 100 index closed at 3,907.5 up 16.4 points.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Monday he expected progress in the stalled peace process with the Palestinians "in the coming weeks".
"I was...left with the impression that there will be concrete progress made in the context of the Palestinian track soon," Ikeda said.
European bourses closed mixed on Tuesday with London clawing back most of the day's losses despite an unsteady start on wall Street, hit by inflation worries.
But it recovered at the close of trade.
Tuesday's patchy showing in London followed a string of records last week, culminating in Friday's trading high of 3,911, fuelled by a wave of European interest rate cuts.
Eurobourses end mixed but London recovers.
Alexandre Lamfalussy, President of the European Monetary Institute (EMI), the forerunner to Europe's central bank, told a business group, "I am reasonably confident that (European Economic and Monetary Union) will start in 1999."
Lamfalussy based his optimism on the fact that European nations were showing the necessary political will to meet prescribed entry criteria, having already made considerable progress on paring back inflation rates.
"There is a clear determination on behalf of governments to meet the criteria," Lamfalussy said, adding, "nations have said they would do so and they are doing so."
Matsushita profit recovers strongly in April-June.
Japanese electronics giant Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd said Tuesday it has a very strong recovery in group profits in the first quarter of the 1996/97 business year.
Matsushita posted net profit of 18.5 billion yen ($172 million) on a group basis in the three months to June 30, rebounding from a huge loss of 151.3 billion yen ($1.41 billion) a year ago.
Sales in the April-June period were 1.72 trillion yen ($16.0 billion), up from 1.53 trillion yen ($14.2 billion) a year ago.
"Our business (in the first quarter of the current business year) was better than the same period a year ago both in Japan and abroad," the company said
In Japan, consumer spending and companies' capital investment were rebounding gradually, and the nation's economy was on a gradual recovery trend, although some worries over the future of the economy remained, Matsushita said.
Hijack of Sudanese airliner ends peacefully.
Police said the hijack drama ended peacefully and six of the hostage takers had been arrested.
Earlier, Lloyd's insurance market said more than 82 percent of its worldwide membership had accepted the offer, up from the 75 percent acceptance level it had announced on Saturday.
He said he was delighted by the U.S. court ruling, which overturned an injunction granted by a lower court to a group of U.S. Names -- as investors in the London market are known.
Newly merged MFS-WorldCom Inc seems well placed to win high profits from the most lucrative section of Europe's telecommunications market, the corporate sector, experts said Tuesday.
"This merger is really driven by the need to strengthen themselves in their newly opened-up home market," said John Matthews, for high-technology research consultancy Ovum.
Precious metals prices had turned higher on Tuesday when London-based dealers returned after their late summer holiday weekend.
Gold fixed at $389.00 per ounce, its highest since August 5 and compared with $387.50 on Friday.
The bourse hit a string of records last week, culminating in Friday's trading high of 3,911.
"Many people are still away... A lot of positions might have been unwound over the weekend.
More hostages freed from hijacked Sudanese plane.
Bailey, who comes from Oakville, wowed Canada with his record-smashing victory in the 100-meter race at the Atlanta Olympics
Johnson, from Dallas, won the 200- and 400-meter races, setting a new record in the 200-meter competition.
McDonald's wins S.African trademark case.
McDonald's Corp. and McDonald's South Africa said the appeals court confirmed them as rightful owners of all McDonald's trademarks currently registered in South Africa.
"The acquisition of First Mississippi's fertiliser operations is of great strategic importance to Mississippi Chemical," said Mississippi Chemical Chief Executive Charles Dunn.
Netscape agrees to support Apple technology.
Netscape Communications Corp. gave a boost Tuesday to Apple Computer Inc.'s efforts to make the Internet a key element in its turnaround strategy.
The two companies said Netscape had agreed to develop a new version of its Netscape Navigator Internet browser that supports Apple's Cyberdog Internet search software as well as OpenDoc, software backed by Apple for manipulating documents.
Analysts said the move underscores Apple's commitment to developing Internet technologies and extends the relationship between the two companies at a time when they are both facing extreme competitive pressure.
Stocks rise as tech shares, bonds rally.
Stocks rose Tuesday as technology shares rebounded, and the bond market rallied on bargain-hunting after a three-session sell-off.
At the Chicago Mercantile Exchange September lumber closed $3.00 higher at $413.90 for 1,000 board feet after rising to a $414.50, the highest futures price since March 11, 1994.
Lumber, cotton, grains close higher.
Oil price rally stalls after hitting 4-month high.
First two Canadian banks post solid Q3 profits.
Two of Canada's six major banks kicked off a rush of quarterly bank earnings reports with better-than-expected profits on Tuesday, justifying recent gains in their stock prices.
Scotiabank, the fourth-biggest, reported a profit of C$275 million ($201 million), or C$1.04 (76 cents U.S.) per share vs. C$165 million, or 86 cents Canadian (63 cents) per share, in the third fiscal quarter of 1995.
With just one day to go until the deadline for its 34,000 investors worldwide -- called Names -- to accept or reject the proposals, Lloyd's is hoping that the support shown by Names will be enough to declare the plan unconditional when its ruling council meets on Thursday.
I am encouraged by the steady flow of acceptances we have received since midday on Saturday.
Chemical stocks lift German stocks to higher close.
German shares ended the day on Tuesday higher, after a rush by foreign investors to buy chemical stocks helped lift the market in afternoon trade, with volumes higher than Monday's year lows.
Chemical shares drove afternoon IBIS gains, with BASF AG ending trade up 65 pfennigs at 44.39 marks, Hoechst AG ended up 1.02 marks at 52.57 marks, Bayer AG was up 56 pfennigs at 54.16 marks and Degussa AG ended up 8.65 marks at 520.85 marks.
Roche first half-profit rises 16 percent.
Roche attributed the rise in first half profit to 2.2 billion francs ($1.85 billion) from 1.9 billion ($1.6 billion) to better operating results and the performance of its financial operations.
Analysts on average had forecast that Roche would show a 17 percent increase in net profit for the first half.
"The results look fine but I would have liked a little more," said Peter McDougall of Deutsche Morgan Grenfell.
Roche's first-half operating profits rose 8.0 percent to 1.9 billion francs ($1.6 billion), despite growing pressure on prices in major markets.
"Ceval has great growth potential and will obtain a better market position," it said in a report.
Ceval preferred shares were traded at 8.01 reais, up 0.12 percent, on the Sao Paulo bourse at 1207 local/1507 GMT.
Food and drug retailer American Stores Company said Tuesday its profits increased 12 percent to $83.1 million from $73.9 million in the second quarter.
Comparable store sales increased 3 percent during the quarter and total sales were up 2.9 percent to $4.625 billion from $4.94 billion last year.
The company's stock gained $1 to $40.875 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Consolidated Freightways stock jumps on spin off.
Consolidated was up $2 to $23.875 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The stock of Hardinge Inc., a maker of machine tools, gained Tuesday after it said its board authorised the buyback of up to 640,000 shares, or about 10 percent of the shares outstanding
Hardinge stock jumps; sets buyback of 10 pct of shares.
Hardinge was up $1.50 to $23.75 in early trading on the Nasdaq market.
Conti, whose fortunes tend to mirror those of the German car industry, said sales in the first half of the year increased to 5.09 billion marks from 5.03 billion a year earlier.
FOCUS-Continental sees higher profits.
Germany's largest tyre maker, Continental AG, on Tuesday said pre-tax profits more than doubled to 120 million marks ($81 million) in the first half of 1996 and its full-year earnings would be clearly higher
In a letter to shareholders, the world's fourth-largest tyre maker said the surge in profits in the half year was driven by internal cost control measures, increased productivity and a favourable exchange rate environment.
The increase in profits in the half came despite insecurity about Germany's weak economy and profitability improved in all areas of the group's activities, it said
Management board chairman Hubertus von Gruenberg had forecast a doubling of profits at the group's annual general meeting in June
"Today's announced production rate increase is in response to continued strong market demand for the 777, and the employment increase reflects today's rate change as well as staffing requirements for product development activities," said President and Chief Executive Phil Condit.
Boeing to boost 777 jet production, sees 5,000 new jobs.
Boeing Co. said Monday it will increase the production rate for its new 777 jet transport to seven airplanes per month from five planes, and as a result, expects to add 5,000 new workers by the end of the year.
The hike in Boeing employees is in addition to an increase of 8,200 announced earlier this year.
Palestinian Trade Minister Maher al-Masri said on Tuesday that Israel's Finance Minister Dan Meridor promised in a meeting to find ways to ease a crippling closure on the West Bank and Gaza Strip
"Mr Meridor said he would study ways to ease the closure which he said harmed the Palestinians," Masri told Reuters after the meeting.
"All in all, it should provide some bullish trend for investors to come back to Malaysia."
But viewing the trade balance performance for the first six months of 1996, economists said it appeared the current account deficit may shrink even below the 14 billion ringgit level projected by private economists for this year.
Malaysia trade surpluses seen promising trend
Two monthly trade surpluses and sharply slowing imports suggest Malaysia may be turning the tide in a battle to stem a current account deficit and win foreign investor affections, analysts said on Tuesday.
The Statistics Department said on Tuesday Malaysia chalked up a trade surplus of 574.1 million ringgit ($230.56 million) in June, following May's 238.5 million ringgit surplus.
"This is generally a good figure for the market," said Jimmy Koh, an economist at analysts I.D.E.A., who said investors had expected a 200-400 million ringgit deficit for June.
"The proposed divestment will allow us to concentrate on and develop our local media interests in the north, where we already have a strong portfolio of titles," said United News chief executive Clive Hollick.
At the New York Coffee Sugar and Cocoa Exchange on Monday, September coffee rose 4.20 cents per pound and closed at 136.45 cents, its highest close since September 6, 1995.
Coffee rallies, then pares the gains.
FRANKFURT - German equities slightly higher after a listless session, during which the DAX traded in a range of less than ten points.
The 30-share DAX index closed at 2,558.84, up 6.48 points.
Advancers on the FTSE 100 narrowly outnumbered decliners 51 to 45.
The launch has gone very well today and the users appear to be very happy," said a spokeswoman for the Exchange.
"We are delighted that Sequence 6 has been implemented successfully, on time and under budget.
"The proposed divestment will allow us to concentrate on and develop our local media interests in the North, where we already have a strong portfolio of titles," said United News chief executive Clive Hollick.
The survey showed balanced management, where the manager is responsible for a wide range of asset classes and does both asset allocation and stockpicking, remains popular.
A spate of high-profile strikes in Britain this summer has shown that, despite 17 years of hostile government legislation, the trade unions are still a force to be reckoned with, the leader of Britain's unions said on Tuesday
A planned merger between British brewer Bass and Carlsberg-Tetley will create such a dominant force in the industry that it is almost certain to fall foul of Britain's competition authorities, regional brewers said on Tuesday.
The British media sector continued to rise, led by Pearson Plc and BSkyB amid stock shortages, traders said.
By 1145 GMT, shares in Pearson rose 17-1/2p to 681-1/2, a nine-week high
Shares in BSkyB climbed 17p to 595p, after rising to a new record at 597p.
BSkyB, up almost 22 percent since August 5, has led the rise in media shares on news last week that the company plans to provide Internet access via its digital satellite service when it is launched next year.
Pearson, a longstanding bid rumour favorite, has risen by about 13.5 percent in the last month.
Pearson, BSkyB lead media sector up.
"The deal was pretty well signalled," said one analyst who declined to be named.
The Crossgate acquisition would be earnings enhancing from day one and provided a good platform for Regent Inns to expand its geographical presence on a regional basis, the company said.
Sanderson Bramall H1 pretax jumps 44 pct.
Chairman Tony Bramall said in a statement that August, when a new year for car registration numbers starts, was expected to see "a very good result."
"Against the background of increasing consumer confidence, low inflation and possible tax cuts we are hopeful for a good second half to the year," he added.
London's annual Notting Hill Carnival, the largest in Europe and second in the world only to Rio, ended peacefully on Monday with an estimated 800,000 revellers singing and dancing the day away in high spirits.
But there was no repeat of the ugly scenes that used to scar the street festival, and police praised the crowds over the two days of festivities as good-natured.
Around 400 police were wounded in riots in 1976 when the carnival, now in its 31st year, acquired its darker reputation from which it is now only slowly recovering.
Shopkeepers still board up their windows and many residents leave town for the weekend, but for four or five years there has been no disorder and relatively little crime.
London Carnival ends in high spirits
FOCUS-Dow pushes London stocks to new record.
IBM stock jumps; Salomon sees shares at $145.
The stock of International Business Machines Corp. jumped Wednesday after Salomon Brothers raised its recommendation on the world's biggest computer maker, setting a 12-month target price of $145 for the shares
In early trading, IBM was up $3.75 to $115.50 on active trading of more than 1.4 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
John Jones, an analyst at Salomon, said he upgraded IBM to strong buy from buy, citing rising near-term confidence in the computer maker's fundamentals.
He said his rising confidence in IBM's near-term prospects was tied in part to a series of announcements the company has scheduled for Sept. 10, which include a new version of the microprocessors used to power its core mainframe computer products.
Britain's global trade deficit was unchanged at 1.12 billion pounds ($1.75 billion) in June, helping to ease fears that economic recovery may have damaged the trade balance, according to figures released Wednesday
FOCUS - Japan report boosts dollar,Eurobourses mixed.
Most economists surveyed by Reuters had expected that the major manufacturers' diffusion index would rise somewhat, with forecasts ranging from minus four to plus five
The survey, a closely watched clue to monetary policy, forecast a rise in the diffusion index to zero in December.
The epidemic is in rapid decline before and without any culling
That's the good news," said Christl Donnelly, a statistician at Oxford University who worked on the study.
By Wednesday afternoon 66.7 percent of U.S. members had accepted.
The level of acceptances speaks for itself.
Members have made their views toward the reconstruction of Lloyd's abundantly clear," Lloyd's chairman David Rowland said in a statement.
Oil prices rally as U.S. product stocks fall
Oil prices rallied again on Wednesday with the help of a draw in U.S. oil product stocks after surrendering on Tuesday some of the recent sharp gains.
London October futures for North Sea benchmark Brent blend crude oil at 1540 GMT was up 34 cents a barrel at $20.37 after shedding 38 cents on Tuesday.
Oil product prices found support from weekly U.S. industry and government data showing a drop in gasoline and heating oil/diesel (distillates) inventories.
The Bank of Japan's quarterly corporate survey or "tankan" released earlier in Tokyo caught financial markets on the hop.
"Now we're at the point where the fundamentals are with us. The history is now falling out of view."
Recovery excitement brings Mexican markets to life
Emerging evidence that Mexico's economy was back on the recovery track sent Mexican markets into a buzz of excitement Tuesday, with stocks closing at record highs and interest rates at 19-month lows.
"Mexico has been trying to stage a recovery since the beginning of this year and it's always been getting ahead of itself in terms of fundamentals," said Matthew Hickman of Lehman Brothers in New York.
We are taking steps to revitalise CompuServe," said Chief Executive Bob Massey
Forecasts for shrinking deliverable supplies pulled coffee prices up
Gold edged higher
Blue chips end up as Fed keeps interest rates steady.
Blue-chip stocks rallied Tuesday after the Federal Reserve held interest rates steady, the dollar rose after a drop in the June trade deficit, and bonds ended little changed.
"We've been in the Internet, in fact profitable and making money in the Internet business, longer than anybody," said Jim Dodd, vice president of Internet Access Services for Sprint.
The 90-cent-an-hour increase will have little short-term impact on many fast-food chains that already pay workers rates above the federally mandated minimum.
Chains may raise prices after minimum wage hike.
Stock prices rose after the Fed announcement, with the Dow Jones industrial average adding 21.82 points to 5,721.26
U.S. Federal Reserve holds interest rates steady.
Stock prices rose after the Fed announcement, with the Dow Jones industrial average adding 21.82 points to 5,721.26
Prices on the New York Stock Exchange closed mostly higher in moderate trading Tuesday
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 21.82 to 5721.26.
Gulf War hero Colin Powell lent his prestige and popularity to the Republican presidential ticket on Tuesday, making a surprise appearance alongside Bob Dole and Jack Kemp as they campaigned among U.S. war veterans for a strong national defence.
Clinton signs law raising minimum wage to $5.15.
President Bill Clinton gave millions of Americans a raise on Tuesday, signing into law a bill to increase the minimum wage for the first time in five years, by 90 cents an hour to $5.15 over two years
"For many this bill will make the difference between their ability to keep their families together and their failure to do so," Clinton said as he signed the bill surrounded by workers who earn the minimum wage and their children
"It's about time they got a reward and today they'll get it," the president added.
The bill boosts the wage typically paid to unskilled workers in restaurants and stores by 50 cents to $4.75 on Oct. 1 and by 40 cents to $5.15 on Sept. 1, 1997.
Stovall said that, in addition to trying to recover Medicaid costs, she would seek to require companies to stop marketing products to children, to disclose their knowledge of nicotine addiction, to publish corrective advertising and to fund a public education campaign on smoking
The (U.S.) Federal Reserve opted on Tuesday to hold interest rates steady amid signs that the economy is cooling off without inflation heating up.
The support comes as Hashimoto seeks to open a new trade front for Japanese industry in Latin America
Deputy Foreign Minister Juan Rebolledo Gout said on Monday that the credits -- aimed at ecological projects, small- and medium-sized firms and Mexican exporters -- would be signed by Mexican and Japanese officials on Wednesday
War hero Colin Powell boosts Dole campaign
Gulf War hero Colin Powell lent his prestige and popularity to the Republican presidential ticket on Tuesday, making a surprise appearance alongside Bob Dole and Jack Kemp as they campaigned for a strong national defence among U.S. war veterans.
"You probably couldn't have forecast a better background for the equity market than the one we've currently got," said one stock trader.
"The market has a lot going for it."
The blue chip index closed 19.5 points higher at 3,883.2, surpassing the previous 3,872.9 record it set just last week
British FTSE index closes at record 3,883 points.
Trocadero expects tripling of revenues.
The Trocadero entertainment complex in the heart of London's Piccadilly marked its relaunch on Tuesday after a 50 million pound ($77 million) redevelopment that it said was expected to triple revenues over five years.
Leslau said he expected the retail revenues to triple over the next five years, the time span in which he expects the centre to reach maturity.
The diversified group said its pre-tax profit slumped to 1.178 billion marks in the first six months of 1996, but chairman Georg Obermeier stressed that the comparative 1995 figure was swollen by one-off gains from selling off units.
Speaking to a news conference, Obermeier said operating profit had risen 10 percent in the six-month period, but declined to give absolute figures.
He also noted that the bulk of Viag's first-half profit in 1995 was the result of one-off gains from the sale of its 43.4 percent stake in Germany's biggest paper maker PWA and the final consolidaton of its SKW Trostberg unit.
Overall the Viag group is developing in line with ... expectations
Viag stays positive after first half profit slump.
Sprint Corp. Tuesday announced plans to offer Internet access to consumers, jumping into the market to help millions of homes go online after similar moves by rivals AT&amp;T Corp. and MCI Communications Corp.
Rangebound German shares end mixed, utilities up.
The IBIS-DAX, tracking electronic trading during the day, closed slightly better at 2,562.12 points.
After the close of the electronic bourse trading Viag reported operating profit up 10 percent during the first half of this year.
Fleet Financial Group and National Westminster Bank PLC said Tuesday they signed an agreement that will allow both companies to provide banking services to corporate customers in Britain and the United States.
Desks also will be created in Boston, New York and London, where each bank's customers can receive quick help in opening accounts and cash management.
The offices will be staffed by employees who will bring specific expertise in their country's banking system to each marketplace, the companies said.
Silver hits two-month peak, gold edges higher.
Silver prices were at their highest levels since mid-June on Tuesday after speculative buying sent the New York market surging overnight, dealers said.
Gold followed only reluctantly, but market analysts said it could eventually make a go of breaking through its recent price ceiling at just under $390 an ounce.
Silver closed at $5.23 an ounce, up eleven cents from Monday's London close.
It
"We are adding 37 items to a basket of goods purchased by households to better measure recent price moves," said an official of the government's Management and Coordination Agency
"Our net growth has increased dramatically ... All the key drivers of the business, we are succeeding on," Managing Director Hans Snook said in an interview.
Shares in Orange gained 4 pence (6.2 cents) to 191 ($2.95) after the results, which compared with a loss of 88.8 million ($137.3 million) a year earlier.
Thistle Hotels almost doubles profits.
Thistle Hotels, Britain's second biggest hotel chain, said Tuesday its pre-tax profits almost doubled in the first half of the year.
The company, which plans an initial public offering of stock in September, said its net income, excluding exceptional items, expanded to 24.1 million pounds
Tylan stock jumps; weighs sale of company.
The stock of Tylan General Inc. jumped Tuesday after the maker of process-management equipment said it is exploring the sale of the company and added that it has already received some inquiries from potential buyers
Tylan was up $2.50 to $12.75 in early trading on the Nasdaq market.
Halifax profits rise as IPO looms
The U.S. trade surplus in agricultural commodities was $1.741 billion in June, down from a revised $1.879 billion in May, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
In its monthly trade report, Commerce pegged farm exports at $4.276 billion in June, down from $4.723 billion in May
Imports were $2.535 billion, compared with $2.844 billion the previous month.
"I would think the odds are very heavily weighted toward the prospect that there will be no change at the next policy-making meeting," said Martin, a former Fed vice chairman.
Wella first-half profits up sharply.
Wella AG, the German haircare group, Tuesday reported healthy growth in sales and earnings in the first six months as new product launches helped it outperform the rest of the industry
Operating profit rose 25 percent to 61 million marks ($40.95 million), while sales expanded 11.3 percent to 1.82 billion marks ($1.22 billion), the company said in its interim report.
It predicted full-year sales would rise by 7-10 percent and said earnings growth was likely to be stronger.
We are anticipating a continuation of the positive business development in the second half of 1996
The monthly deficit dropped 23.1 percent to $8.11 billion from a revised $10.55 billion in May -- much lower than the $9.4 billion shortfall that Wall Street economists had forecast for June
June exports eased a slight 0.3 percent to $69.71 billion while imports dropped 3.3 percent to $77.82 billion.
FOCUS-BSkyB profits surge 66 percent.
Satellite broadcaster BSkyB, the dominant force in British pay television, on Tuesday reported a 66 percent rise in full-year profit to 257.4 million pounds
Profit for the year to June 30, 1996 -- up more than 100 million pounds on the 155.3 million reported a year ago -- was towards the top end of analysts' forecasts.
Virgin group to expand into South Africa - paper.
Richard Branson's Virgin group is planning to expand into South Africa, taking all of the sprawling group's major brands into the country, the Financial Times reported.
British FTSE index closes at record 3,883 points.
British FTSE index closes at record 3,883 points.
Britain's FTSE 100 stock index, which sank to its lowest year level a month ago, chalked up a record closing high on Tuesday led by bullish retail sector sentiment.
"You probably couldn't have forecast a better background for the equity market than the one we've currently got," said one senior share trader.
"The market has a lot going for it."
The blue chip index closed 19.5 points higher at 3,883.2, surpassing the previous 3,872.9 record it set just last week.
The deal will allow M.A.I.D to globally distribute EMD's information and data via the firm's Corporate Profound and Profound for the Internet products.
"The relationship with M.A.I.D will have a considerable impact on turnover and profit," EMD said in a statement.
"There has seen some good hedge-fund buying of silver call options, and also the underlying (silver metal) recently," a dealer said.
Silver fixes at two-month high, but gold lags.
Silver fixed at its highest level since June 19, 1996 on Tuesday morning following buying by speculators late on Monday in New York.
Silver fixed at $5.2025 an ounce, up 12 cents from Monday's fix and eight cents above Monday's London close.
European credit rating agency IBCA said on Tuesday it affirmed its long-term foreign currency debt rating of Italy at AA minus and said the country may have finally turned the corner in its battle for fiscal reform.
"The small reduction in the public debt to GDP ratio in 1995 - the first since 1980 - signals a possible turning point in Italy's problematic fiscal policy," the agency said.
Trocadero expects tripling of revenues
The Trocadero entertainment complex in the heart of London's Piccadilly marked its relaunch on Tuesday after a 50 million pound redevelopment that it said was expected to triple revenues over five years.
Leslau told Reuters that he expected the retail revenues to triple over the next five years, the time span in which he expects the centre to reach maturity.
A British industry watchdog said on Tuesday it had been flooded with complaints about an advertising campaign that depicted opposition Labour leader Tony Blair with demonic eyes.
It is the realisation of the dream of American actor-director Sam Wanamaker, who died of cancer in 1993, just as the theatre's wooden framework was being put in place.
Wanamaker had waged a 40-year battle against bureacracy and commercial greed to get the new Globe built just yards (metres) from the site of the original on the south bank of the Thames, opposite St Paul's Cathedral
"There is no question that there is a very big demand for it (digital satellite) if you can get it right," he added.
Daily Mail buys 40 pct stake in study group.
Daily Mail and General Trust Plc expanded its informaiton publishing interests on Tuesday by paying 9.2 million stg for a 40 percent stake in the British Study Group Ltd.
The deal allows the group to become a wholly owned subsidiary by the year 2002 based on a payment which is related to the company's performance.
BSkyB says likely to take stake in Premiere.
"The only way to reduce the discount to net asset value at which KEPIT is trading is to look at unitisation," M&amp;G spokeswoman Rachel Medill said.
August 19 was the closing date for bids for the 500 million pound trust, which attracted record subscriptions for a British investment trust when it was launched in 1994.
At the open the FTSE 100 index of leading shares was 3.6 points higher at 3,867.3.
The British satellite and cable television broadcasting concern said its pre-tax profits rose 66 percent to 257.4 million stg for the year ended June 30, above the concensus of analysts' estimates of 253.3 million stg
The shares have risen by almost 16 percent during the last month, reaching a peak at 537p on August 19.
Britain's mobile telephone operator Orange Plc said on Tuesday it now had over 600,000 subscribers, a gain on the 573,000 it reported at the end of June.
At the same time however Orange's sales in the first half more than doubled to 256.5 million from 100 million pounds.
Orange loss widens, but subscribers up.
BSkyB full yr pretax profits jump 66 pct.
Toronto stocks rallied to close higher on Tuesday, surging ahead on strength in the important resource sectors.
"Canadian gold stocks led Canadian stock prices higher," said Richardson Greenshields analyst Linda Lehman in a market report.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's key 300 Composite Index jumped 33.32 points to reach 5150.89 points.
So far in August the key index has climbed out of its July lows to reach heights it has not hit since early June.
"We're not far from our highs," said P and C Holdings president Ron Meisel
Four consumers say the firm did not pay out when they submitted such matching caps and have sought the consumer group's support, the Polish news agency reported.
Russia raked in more tax revenues in the first 15 days of August than in the first half of each of the previous three months and met targets set by the International Monetary Fund, a Finance Ministry official said on Tuesday
"There is a significant upward trend in revenue collection and that is why the IMF is happy," he said
It is still below target, but this is what the IMF wanted for this month."
The IMF said on Monday that a mission looking at Russia's revenue performance was returning to Washington satisfied that Russia was taking the measures needed to boost revenue collection
Polish firms' July earnings just up after weak H1.
Firms listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange recorded slightly better July earnings after a weak first half, but analysts said it was too early to tell if there would be an earnings rebound this year.
In July, 48 firms on the main and parallel markets showed a real net profit growth year-on-year compared with 34 firms over the first six months
"July earnings were average, but better than the weak results recorded in May and June, so they're returning to normal rather than worsening," said Pawel Tarnowski, an analyst at Raiffeisen Capital and Investment.
Polish car sales rise 33 percent in seven months.
New car sales in Poland jumped more than 33 percent in the first seven months of 1996 compared with the same period last year, PAP news agency said on Tuesday.
PAP quoted a report by the Samar agency, which monitors the domestic car market, as saying that about 230,766 units were sold over the period, up from 173,435 a year earlier.
The main market's all-share WIG index rose 1.6 percent to 13,183.8 points and turnover rose 22 percent to 132 million zlotys ($48.2 million) on both markets.
Gainers led losers by 43 to 23 with 11 stocks stable.
Czech Kavalier H1 gross profit rises.
"We would be pretty optimistic of maintaining our unbroken record of profit increases in the current year," APN chief executive Cameron O'Reilly told a media briefing in Brisbane.
RTRS-Aust Prov News sees higher 1996 profit.
Media group Australian Provincial Newspapers Ltd (APN) said on Tuesday that it was optimistic of reporting an increase in earnings for the 12 months to December 31, 1996.
The company earlier reported a 12.3 percent rise in first half net profit to A$11.56 million.
Chairman Liam Healey said the group continued to seek complementary acquisitions that would enhance shareholder value, with its mobile advertising division Buspak expanding.
"In this regard I am very pleased to announce that APN, through Buspak, has made two significant expansionary moves.
Tokyo stocks closed slightly higher, after drifting in tight ranges in mostly directionless trade for most of the day.
Australian stocks ended just firmer as the unveiling of the Federal budget, which forecast an underlying budget deficit of A$5.65 billion for fiscal 1996/97, came too late to hit trading.
Indonesian tobacco tycoon Putera Sampoerna sharply raised on Tuesday his offer for Singapore's Transmarco Ltd as its share price surged, a move which dealers said was likely to make the bid successful.
Moreover, the coincident index, which measures current economic conditions, stood at 55, up from 30 in May and above 50 for the first time since February.
Malaysia's Maybank net meets expectations.
Malayan Banking Bhd (Maybank) on Tuesday posted full-year results that were in line with or slightly above market expectations, belying fears they would fall below estimates, analysts said on Tuesday.
Net profit at the nation's largest bank for the year ended June 30, 1996, rose to 1.07 billion ringgit ($428 million), or 94 cents a share, from 863.53 million ringgit, or 76 cents a share, a year earlier.
That was a shade above forecasts of around 1.04 billion ringgit, or 91 cents a share.
I think (the result) was slightly above market expectations, but it was very much in line with my estimate of 1.094 billion," said Gan Kim Khoon, an analyst at James Capel.
I would say it should do some good for the share price.
China car production surplus prompts exports.
Mazda is using a foreign celebrity to revamp its image in Japan, and has chosen its very own president Henry Wallace for the job.
"We aim to elevate our image through this ad campaign," a Mazda spokesman said on Tuesday.
Singapore exports surprise with 6.4 pct July rise.
Singapore non-oil domestic exports, confounding most expectations, bounced back in July, surging 6.4 percent after dropping 6.1 percent in June, the Trade Development Board (TDB) said on Tuesday.
Non-oil exports expanded to Singapore $7.28 billion (US$ 5.16 billion) in nominal terms.
Non-oil exports performed much better than expected.
Its January-July sales rose to T$15.56 billion from T$14.88 billion a year earlier, the firm said in a statement.
President Jan-July profits rise.
Taiwan food giant President Enterprises Corp said on Tuesday its January-July pretax profits rose to T$1.735 billion from T$1.214 billion in the 1995 period.
A rapid succession of gas discoveries in Egyptian waters off the  Nile Delta are making the area one of the most promising in the world for the oil industry, a senior oil company executive said on Tuesday.
"Only now are we understanding the magnitude of the opportunity," Amoco Egypt vice president Gary Bose told Reuters in an interview.
"As a whole, the basin could be world class."
Amoco, one of the leading companies in the field, has made nine discoveries in the past two years.
The official predicted the deal "will have a positive impact" on other foreign companies seeking business in Iran's lucrative oil and gas industries.
Transportation Department spokesman William Mosley said the new Pan Am, based in Miami, Florida, was found tentatively fit to provide aviation services, pending a comment period of 15 days.
Speaking for the first time since he was freed on Monday, Mamoru Konno told a news conference, "I plan now to rest and enjoy the company of my family and colleagues and savor the sweetness of freedom."
NEW YORK, Aug 20 - The dollar rose against the Japanese yen Tuesday after a sharp drop in the nation's trade deficit overshadowed fleeting disappointment that the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged.
The trend helped the dollar by decreasing the amount of dollars foreign exporters will need to sell for their local currencies.
The trend helped the dollar by decreasing the amount of dollars foreign exporters will need to sell for their local currencies.
"It was a good trade number," said Greg Pearman, chief foreign exchange dealer at Credit Commerciale de France in New York.
"We're going to awaken a sleeping giant of a category that we think has enormous potential," Jann Westfall, president of the Slates brand, said in a statement.
"Seven days from now, our waterways will be less hazardous for many boaters who should be able to purchase the same red-dyed, non-taxed fuel used by commercial mariners, which is more widely available around the country," Michael Sciulla, government affairs director of the Boat Owners Association of the United States, said in a statement.
The suspension, in effect from Aug. 27, 1996, to Dec. 31, 1997, was included in a law to raise the minimum wage.
However, other analysts -- and some former Federal Reserve officials -- said that mixed economic data and a touch of political pressure might be the recipe for steady monetary policy through the November presidential election.
"Our second-quarter results reflect exceptional profit performance at Target and a significant turnaround in profitability at Mervyn's," said Bob Ulrich, chairman and chief executive of Minneapolis-based Dayton Hudson.
Target, the company's discount store chain, posted profits of $240 million for the quarter, up 66 percent, which exceeded analysts' expectations
The gain was fuelled by expense cuts, fatter price mark-ups and robust sales.
Large chain stores post higher earnings.
Dayton Hudson Corp. said Tuesday its earnings almost quadrupled in the second quarter, aided by cost cuts and profits from its Target discount unit, while speciality retailers Limited Inc. and AnnTaylor Stores Corp. posted more modest improvements.
Dayton Hudson, the nation's fourth-largest retailer, said earnings jumped to $101 million, or 42 cents a share, from $28 million, or 11 cents a share, a year earlier
Revenues rose 10 percent to $5.75 billion.
Blue-chip stocks bounded higher Tuesday as the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged removed a possible roadblock to the market's continued rally.
Blue chips end higher as Fed holds rates unchanged.
Clinton signs law raising minimum wage to $5.15.
President Bill Clinton handed millions of Americans a raise on Tuesday, signing into law a bill to increase the minimum wage for the first time in five years, by 90 cents per hour to $5.15.
For many this bill will make the difference between their ability to keep their families together and their failure to do so," Clinton said as he signed the bill surrounded by workers who earn the minimum wage and their children
It's about time they got a reward.
The bill will boost the wage, typically paid to unskilled workers in restaurants and stores, by 50 cents to $4.75 on Oct
Federal regulators have given Kiwi International Air Lines the green light to start flying two more planes after the carrier cut back its flights in June due to problems with record-keeping, the company said Tuesday.
Kiwi International gets OK on adding service.
. But they are watching it closely as a test of an emerging category of living room PC-TV that Sony Corp., International Business Machines Corp., Compaq Computer Corp. and others are thought to be gearing up to introduce.
Gateway's computer, with prices starting at $3,999, will be available at Nobody Beats The Wiz stores on the East Coast this week and CompUSA Inc. stores around the United States by mid-September, the company said.
Chrysler Corp. said Tuesday it plans to build a $315 million plant in Brazil and boost production at a plant being built in Argentina to expand its presence in South America.
It surpassed for the first time the $3.24 billion deficit with Japan, which was up 3.6 percent from May.
"All in all, I'd say it looks like a very good, above-average crop -- at least at this stage," said Duane Berglund, extension agronomist at North Dakota State University in Fargo, N.D.
US quality looks good, acreage down.
Standex acquires Vidalia Onion Store.
Radica Games Ltd said Tuesday a federal judge has granted a summary judgment favoring the company and dismissed a 1994 class action securities lawsuit against the company.
Radica wins judgment in securities suit.
Peter Lane, Managing Director of Lloyd's North America, said: "We are pleased by this decision
Names entered into their commitments under U.K. law and we are pleased that U.S. courts continue to recognise this."
POLISH CAR SALES RISE 33 PERCENT IN SEVEN MONTHS.
New car sales in Poland jumped more than 33 percent in the first seven months of 1996 compared with the same period last year, PAP news agency said on Tuesday.
POLISH JULY EARNINGS JUST UP AFTER WEAK FIRST HALF.
"July earnings were average, but better than the weak results recorded in May and June, so they're returning to normal rather than worsening," said Pawel Tarnowski, an analyst at Raiffeisen Capital and Investment.
In its Monday edition, the financial weekly interviewed Mark Yockey, who identified favorite overseas investment candidates, including U.K.-based Corporate Services Group Plc , Sonae Investimentos-SGPS SA in Portugal, and Mexico's Empresas ICA Sociedad Controladora .
INTERNATIONAL FUND MGR PICKS AAMULEHTI - PAPER.
Whitbread Plc is one tasty investment among a handful of overseas concerns that have drawn the attention of the manager of Artisan Partners international Mutual Fund, Barron's reported.
FINNISH H1 HOTEL, RESTAURANT SALES UP 2.1 PCT YR/YR.
The value of sales of the Finnish hotel and restaurant branch increased 2.1 percent year-on-year in January-June, the Hotel and Restaurant Council said in a statement on Tuesday.
The volume of sales rose 0.9 percent, it said.
The value of restaurant sales rose 1.2 percent year-on-year in June and 1.3 percent in the first six months of the year compared to the corresponding period in 1995.
"Raisio has achieved a 12 percent share of the fast-growing Polish margarine market within the space of a few years," it said.
It said the market was growing about five percent a year.
SAS first half profits up but sees weaker full-year.
SAS said first half pre-tax profits rose to 1.05 billion Swedish crowns ($159 million) from 1.04 billion during the same period last year
Kerry says half-year profit rise 21 percent.
Kerry Group Plc, Ireland's largest food company, said Tuesday that profits jumped 21 percent in the first half of the year despite worries over so-called mad cow disease in Europe.
The company, based in Tralee in County Kerry, said pretax profits rose to 20 million punts ($32.1 million) from 16.5 million punts ($26.5 million) in the first half of 1995.
Sales rose 1.5 percent to 589.4 million punts ($945.4 million) from 580.7 million ($931.4 million).
Axa first half revenues rise 24.5 percent.
French insurer Axa SA on Tuesday reported a 24.5 percent rise in first-half revenues, powered by consolidation of Australian life insurer National Mutual acquired last year.
Axa, one of France's Big Four insurers, said in a statement revenues rose to 81.93 billion francs ($16.10 billion) from 65.81 billion francs.
Revenues rose 8.8 percent on a constant currency and structure basis.
Viag said its group sales rose to 21.8 billion marks ($14.6 billion) from 21.4 billion ($14.4 billion) in the first half of 1996 and that its operating profit rose 10 percent in the period.
It ended 6.88 points or 0.39 percent higher at 1,760.15, virtually the day's high, with volume a fairly moderate 1.5 billion francs worth of Belgian shares.
The general index rose 0.77 points, 0.22 percent, to 354.03 and the Ibex added 9.97 points, 0.25 percent, to 4,022.23.
BBV climbed 70 pesetas to 5,230 after positive press reports on its Latin American investments, traders said.
Madrid stocks close a touch higher, eyeing Fed.
Milan shares recover helped by mild inflation data.
Italian shares rebounded from Monday's losses on Tuesday in a largely technical reaction, but also helped by official data showing that inflationary pressures were less than analysts had anticipated during June.
Stocks edged higher this morning in continued thin holiday trading and then were supported by a touch firmer Wall Street, but many investors had eyes only for today's U.S. FOMC meeting, although most expect no rise in U.S. interest rates.
Shareholders voted in favour of the move at a special meeting by approving a capital increase for Adia.
The capital increase is intended to fulfil an Adia offer of share swaps or cash for Ecco shares, making way for Adia capital to become the stock of the new company.
Amer and Nokia help Finnish shares to 10-month high.
Strong overseas demand for sporting goods group Amer and telecoms group Nokia's rise propelled the Finnish bourse to a 10-month high close on Tuesday.
The HEX all-share index rose 15 points or 0.7 percent to 2,101.2 -- the highest since October 19 last year.
Firm domestic government bonds also supported the stock market, brokers said.
Dealers said the slowdown in German July M3 money supply growth to 8.6 percent was positive for the market, keeping expectations of a repo rate cut alive.
Dutch shares close up, tone to continue positive.
Dutch shares closed near the day's highs on Tuesday as the market gleaned confidence from German M3 data and expectations of positive corporate news.
Dealers said the index may push to its all-time high around 572 points towards the end of the week, where it would likely meet solid resistance and some profit taking.
Swedish shares end higher as Astra rebounds.
Sweden's share market closed with gains on Tuesday, getting a positive injection from the drugs sector as Astra rebounded and buoyed by overseas economic data.
The general index rose 0.81 percent to close at 1952.71 after shares valued at 2.9 billion crowns changed hands.
Brokers said the mood of the market was upbeat.
"The reporting period has been much more positive than people expected," said one broker.
Market sentiment was boosted by U.S. June trade figures and Germany announcing a slowdown in M3 money supply growth.
Unidanmark betters forecasts.
Unidanmark announced a 1.275 billion crown ($221.5 million) pre-tax profit for the first half of the year, boosted by improved earnings from net interest, fees and lending.
Eridania up sharply on costs outlook.
Shares in Eridania Beghin-Say rose around four percent on the Paris bourse on signs of cheaper raw material prices as well as a technical bounce, dealers said.
At 1334 GMT the stock was up 25 francs or 3.5 percent at 740 francs after surging as high as 749 francs.
U.S. corn prices have fallen by a third in the past month, putting pressure on corn (or maize) prices elsewhere and helping to reduce Eridania's key input cost for starch production.
On Tuesday, La Tribune Desfosses business daily highlighted a rebound in the Spanish olive oil harvest after two years of drought.
Higher tax income helps Spanish budget deficit.
Higher tax revenues helped Spain reduce its central government deficit by 18.7 percent in the first seven months of this year.
Economy ministry figures released earlier showed there was a budget surplus of 282 billion peseta in July and the accumulated deficit fell to 1.18 trillion pesetas.
Corporate tax income rose 37.2 percent to 326.6 billion pesetas in July and the accumulated seven month figure was 31.4 percent higher at 596.7 billion.
Personal income tax revenues also rose 6.8 percent in the year to date to 3.71 trillion pesetas.
Total non-financial income was 8.5 percent higher at 9.02 trillion.
Jungfraubahn, which last month said it wanted to broaden its shareholder basis, will offer 150,000 registered shares with a face value of 20 francs for sale from August 21 to August 27.
Sweden's PLM lifts H1 profits.
Swedish beverage can maker PLM AB on Tuesday posted an increase in profits for the first six months of 1996, saying the improvement would be maintained for the rest of the year.
PLM, which was split out of investment group Industrivarden in November last year, reported an increase of just 10 million crowns ($1.5 million) in earnings after financial items to 229 million crowns.
However, the bottle, can and plastics maker said  profits for the second quarter in isolation had risen 14 percent to 167 million crowns.
This improvement would last for the rest of the year, the company said.
"Despite weaker market development in the early part of the summer, our existing forecast of a higher result after financial items for 1996 is unchanged," PLM said in its half-year report.
Denmark's Unibank first-half profits up 18 pct.
Denmark's second biggest banking group, Unidanmark A/S, on Tuesday said that first-half 1996 pre-tax profits rose 18.4 percent to 1.275 billion crowns ($221.4 million) from 1.077 billion in the same period last year.
Operating profit was 1.264 billion crowns against 1.158 billion last year, better than forecasts of 1.172 billion.
As the HDE retail industry association pleaded for a swift end to the deadlock on the talks, the HBV services union, in the second day of talks for North Rhine-Westphalia's 450,000 retail workers, said it was hopeful a deal could be struck.
However HBV's chief negotiator for North Rhine-Westphalia, Gerhard Keuchel, said there were "strong chances" for agreement during Tuesday's talks taking place in the town of Marl.
Kerry half-yr pre-tax profit up 21 pct.
Sharp rise seen in CD bootlegs.
The Recording Industry Association of America said Wednesday that 896,594 illegally-produced or pirate compact discs were seized in the United States in the first six months of 1996, up sharply from 19,366 in the year-ago period.
Mexico stocks close at record despite disruption.
Despite a rowdy protest that shut down floor trading for three hours, Mexican stocks closed at a record high Wednesday due to a combination of low interest rates, a strong peso and rosy economic sentiment.
The  IPC index of leading stocks gained 0.31 percent, or 10.58 points, to 3,412.37 points, snapping Tuesday's record closing high of 3,401.79 points.
"It was a big success, really," one trader said
Vintage surfboards became hot collectibles in the late 1980s, their value rising as Baby Boomers paid up for a piece of lost youth and museum curators eyed their beauty and cultural symbolism.
Boards in top condition from around 1967 and earlier rose from garage sale giveaway prices to thousands of dollars today, especially those ridden by champions or hand-shaped by respected craftsmen.
Late Tuesday the American Petroleum Institute (API) reported U.S. crude oil supplies increased 296,000 barrels during the week ended Aug
"We had basic profit-taking in stocks," said Peter Cardillo, director of research of Westfalia Investments.
In the broader market, declining issues led advances 1,225 to 1,048 on moderate volume of 348 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
"We are delighted that someone so influential in advertising has been recognised. ... It also recognises the industry's important contribution as an economic force for the good," said Andrew Brown, director general of the Advertising Association, the industry's main trade group.
Advertising force Maurice Saatchi was elevated to the House of Lords by Prime Minister John Major Wednesday in a move industry experts said would give marketing new respectability and influence.
Newbridge stock soars on solid earnings.
The stock of Newbridge Networks Corp. soared Wednesday after the maker of computer network equipment laid to rest lingering investor doubts about its earnings by posting a 64 percent increase in first-quarter profit.
The Kanata, Ontario-based company on Tuesday said earnings rose to Canadian $60.8 million ($44.4 million), or C70 cents a share (51 cents), in its fiscal first quarter ended on July 28, from C$37.1 million ($26.9 million), or C44 cents a share (32 cents), in the 1995 quarter.
. It all looked great," said Robert MacLellan at Dillon Read in New York.
Most active stocks in Nasdaq trading.
Losers beat gainers 1225 to 1048.
After Saturday's success, Japanese officials are now confident the "basic agreement" is about to become reality.
Japan, once a laggard in satellite launching, has shot into the front ranks of space nations, with its H2 rocket's latest success challenging Chinese and European dominance in the field.
The H2's success last Saturday in lifting two satellites into orbit, followed three days later by a Chinese rocket's failure in a similar mission, leaves Japan poised to land a $1 billion contract from Hughes Electronics Corp. to launch a dozen satellites.
"There was a perception that the tower would be such a phenomenal draw that it would carry the load," President Richard Schuetz said in an interview.
Compaq sees halved 1996 European PC sales growth.
"Growth for the whole year (in Europe) will be about 15 percent, which looks nice but is still far behind the predicted 35 percent that was predicted by forecasting companies like Dataquest
"The strike achieved something because we managed to force government to come to a roundtable and look critically at our grievances," Chinosengwa said.
Brief general strike in Nepal capital ends quietly.
A general strike led by Nepal's opposition communists, which brought much of Kathmandu to a halt on Wednesday, ended peacefully, eyewitnesses and officials said.
"The strike passed off peacefully and in an impressive way," a spokesperson of the communist-led who called the strike, said.
Gold and silver shuffled in recent price ranges on Wednesday but showed potential to try to clear tough price barriers just ahead, dealers said.
Prices had taken an instant dip after the early morning Ifo index report showed a rise to 94.1 in July from June's 90.4, far exceeding expectations and indicating a level of business confidence that could stall any German rate cut.
French CGEA wins second British rail franchise.
Sales edged up 1 percent to 11.7 billion marks and orders rose 2 percent to 12.7 billion marks ($8.5 billion).
Turkish PM laudsT "natural" gas deal with Iran.
"What could be more natural than us getting such cheap, abundant natural gas from right next door?" Erbakan told a news conference.
India minister hopes phone licences will not be hit.
The treaty, which supporters would like to forward to the United Nations General Assembly over India's objections, includes a clause which could provide for eventual, unspecified measures to encourage countries to ratify the pact.
London underground rail strikes called off.
Planned strikes on London's underground railway were called off on Thursday after a union representing train drivers agreed to a pay and hours deal.
ING said net profit in the six months to June 30 was 1.51 billion guilders ($907 million), up from 1.18 million a year earlier and in line with expectations.
"We are very satisfied with the result," executive board chairman Aad Jacobs told a news conference.
FOCUS-ING boosts interim, lifts lid on Barings.
Dutch financial services giant International Nederlanden Groep NV (ING) posted a 28 percent increase in half-year net profit on Thursday as more buoyant financial markets enhanced results from banking.
Proceeds of the deal were expected to top C$935 million ($683 million), including the sale price of C$843 million ($615 million) plus a dividend from Rochester, N.Y.-based First Federal, Imasco said.
Stocks rally led by technology shares, German rate cut.
Stocks rallied Thursday, boosted by renewed strength in battered technology shares and a surprisingly sharp cut in the German central bank's key money market interest rate.
At 1 p.m. EDT, the Dow Jones industrial average jumped 38.47 points to 5,728.29.
In the broader market, advancing issues beat declines 2-1 on moderately active trading of 216 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Nasdaq Composite index, which is laced with high technology stocks, gained 12.94 points at 1,139.78.
The American Stock Exchange index was up 2.05 at 559.73.
Stocks rise in Europe, Japan.
LONDON - London shares chalked up another record closing high, helped by a deeper than expected cut in Germany's repo rate
The FTSE 100 index of leading shares closed up 19.0 points at 3,891.1, surpassing Tuesday's record close of 3,883.2.
FRANKFURT - German shares ended bourse trade over half a percentage point higher after the Bundesbank cut its main money market interest rate by a larger-than-expected 30 basis points.
London precious metals drift in pre-holiday lull.
"According to our current projection, we are assuming that both profit before taxes and net income after taxes for total 1996 will be slightly higher than in 1995," BASF's chief financial officer Max Dietrich Kley told a news conference here.
BASF's pre-tax profit rose to 2.32 billion marks ($1.55 billion) in the first half of 1996 from 2.02 billion, coming in right at the middle of analysts' forecasts.
Results were boosted by lower special charges, a strong dollar and substantial improvements from the pharmaceutical, crop protection and gas and oil businesses, BASF said.
BASF profits up, sees more growth.
German chemicals group BASF AG on Thursday reported a 14.7 percent rise in its first-half profit and conservatively predicted a slight increase in  full year earnings following more orders last month in most businesses.
Following the news, Zenith's stock jumped $4.375 to $15.75 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"It brings a unique vision of the digital future, making this a very significant venture for Zenith and for the entire industry."
Inflation and unemployment are falling, interest rates are at their lowest level for 30 years, house prices are rising and personal consumption is picking up -- all good news for a Conservative government facing an election by May 1997.
Bonn sees better second quarter growth.
Germany's economy shook itself out of a slump to grow about 1 percent in the second quarter from the year-earlier quarter, on the high side of private-sector expectations, the economics ministry said Thursday.
"Important economic indicators in Germany have improved perceptibly recently," the ministry said in a monthly report.
"Signs are increasing that the growth lull observed since mid-1995 has been overcome."
The ministry also said gross domestic product (GDP) grew clearly from the previous quarter, but it did not specify a figure.
Private forecasts, for example by the DIW research institute, see second-quarter growth at 0.5 percent from the previous quarter and 0.7 percent from the year-earlier quarter.
Canon's six-month profits zoom, sees record year.
Japanese camera and office equipment maker Canon said Thursday its profits more than doubled in the first six months of this year, thanks to its thriving computer printer business.
Canon said its parent current profit for the January-June period surged to 63.74 billion yen ($590 million), helped by a 32 percent rise in sales of laser-jet and bubble-jet printers.
The yen's lower value against the U.S. dollar and German mark also contributed 30 billion yen ($277 million) to its profits during the period, Canon said.
Greece's ruling socialist (PASOK) party gave Prime Minister Costas Simitis the green light on Thursday to hold snap elections in September and the exact date will be announced later after a cabinet meeting.
"PASOK's executive bureau agreed unanimously with a proposal by the prime minister for an (early) election," PASOK general secretary Costas Skandalidis told reporters.
British economy grows 0.4 pct in second quarter.
The British economy grew by 0.4 percent in the second quarter of 1996 and by 1.8 percent compared with the second quarter of 1995, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said on Thursday.
"These data provide confirmation that -- aside from the temporary effects of slower stockbuilding -- the pace of economic growth is picking up strongly," said Jonathan Loynes, an economist at HSBC Midland.
Seoul announces market reform to ease stock trading.
South Korea on Thursday announced sweeping stock market reforms designed to free up the supply of new shares and liberalise trading.
The package is likely to reduce corruption by making regulations more transparent and scrapping a quota system that gives great power to government bureaucrats, analysts said.
An Australian court acquitted former corporate high-flier John Elliott on Thursday of defrauding his old business empire of A$66.5 million (US$53 million), making him a rare survivor of the free-wheeling 1980s.
Elliott, once head of one of Australia's biggest companies and rumoured to have been a prime ministerial hopeful, flashed his trademark larrikin grin and hugged his family after the Supreme Court found him not guilty.
"I have today been totally vindicated," Elliott said as he left the courtroom here, in stark contrast to the case of fellow 1980s high-flier Alan Bond, who was jailed for fraud this week.
The court acquitted Elliott and his two co-accused of defrauding the brewing, finance and pastoral group Elders IXL after the prosecution withdrew its case
A reduction in a key German interest rate by the Bundesbank did little to move commodity prices on Thursday but it could help revive them in the third quarter, econmomists said.
But a New York based economist noted the more accommodating monetary policy in Europe could stimulate industry and therefore demand for metals.
commodity markets
German rate cut seen helping commodity markets.
